Since the last update scoring is way down as fruits are scattered further apart in frenzy. Half-Brick, switch it back pre-update!
No where near as good as the iPhone version.. Lags and freezes up all the time on the droid x.. Don't buy!!
No where near as good as the iPhone version.. Lags and freezes up all the time on the droid x.. Don't buy!!
@samiru mabye it's your mobile that's slow not the game cos iPhone are very fast mobiles
App freezes in gameplay on droid bionic! Rip off!
Keeps saying connection failed when I try to play multiplayer. motorola electrify. Electrify/Photon
But then we didn't get the star fruit update and I'm stuck with your annoying as hell "rewards" that you can't turn off, can't do jack about and have to figure out how many points until "level up" so it won't interfere with my next game. Other than that. Its good. PLEASE UPDATE!!!!!!!!
My girlfriend is playing this on an itouch with star points that can buy cool tools. I can earn advertisements on my android version...suck one brick house
Lag on this game makes it unplayable for me. Don't why it should lag. My phone is dual core with a 1. 5 gigahertz snapdragons processor.
iphone is so much better than the android version. WHY did they make two versions. Getting points for worthless coupons SUCKS!!!! iphone you get fruit points to unlock items or buy bomb deflectors, peach, or strawberries that make the game sooooo much better.
Very dissappointed I bought this. Good Game just wish I didn't spend money for no reason -_-
Didn't work and didn't get a refund
I paid $1.22 for this and the only thing that we got was a pomegranate and I played this on a free version for iphone and they got twice more for free while I payed and got almost nothing. Update this game and put more features :O
This is exactly the saner as the free version! Waste of money and lags really bad when the free version doesn't!? Useless!
You continually gain points towards "rewards" in the game.  Unfortunately, the "reward" is usually an opportunity to buy a blender for 30% off.  It would be tolerable in the free version, but it's just stupid in the paid one.
Paid for the app and realised that vs mode can onlybe done online unlike the ipad app. Worse is there is no players to play with online. Fix the multi player please. It not worth paying for a game that is almost same as the free one.
Ads on paid version, enough said.
I paid to have an ad-free version, and then months later you release an update with ads? This is fraud, and not valid under the spirit of contract law. Why take a dump on your paid customers? Uninstalled.
U-in-f**kingstalled. Pretentious halfbrick dweebs. Thanks for the "rewards" on the paid app. Would make it negative stars if that were possible.
Why pay for a game if they're still going have ads? Hopefully everyone votes one star until this is fixed.
I love playing
Update the version as on the iPhone... And fix the lag, when you start playing arcade mode. Where's the Jetpack Joyride?!
Ads on the paid version, no thanks! This is a terrible way to treat your customers.
PAID VERSION OF FRUIT NINJA NOW FORCES GAME-INTERRUPTING BLOATWARE WITH 'REWARD POINTS' TOWARDS CRAP FROM CHEAP MERCHANTS.  ALSO, FRUIT FACTS REPLACED WITH REWARD POINT AD. WTF?  HOW IS THIS LEGAL?  LOVED NINJA BEFORE....NOW IT'S CLUTTERED CRAPWARE.  ALSO, ADWARE DOESN'T MATCH LOOK OR FEEL OF GAME AT ALL. FAIL.  ALSO, MULTIPLAYER MODE OVER WIFI NEVER WORKS..
It's absolutely nonsense when you actually have paid for the application but still get the BS Ads. ......  it's totally  unethical business practice according to me. .... Remove it and I will edit my rating
After playing the same game on the iPhone I can honestly say I should have kept playing the free version on the HTC incredible 2. The developers obviously made better features for the iPhone the store on the Droid takes u online to purchase dolls!!!! wtf? On iPhone you use your points to purchase fun fruits. Don't pay there's not Mich difference unless you have an iPhone.
the reward system is useless!
Paid for the app and its no different to the free one. Rip off.
Kinda got cheap after the rewards ads thing :( really hope they make the new update soon
One star b/c i didnt pay u money to earn more money for you!
I recently switched from iPhone to the Galaxy S3 and the Fruit Ninja on the iPhone is up to date and runs smoothly. This app needs to be updated immediately. This is a disgrace and a slap in the face to paying customers.
I paid for this app, and I strenuously object to paying for adverts. Absolutely unacceptable. Rewards suggest achievements or unlocks - not adverts. I'll not buy from halfbrick again.
What a shame you don't update it like the I phone version..wished I hadn't bought it, the free one is as good.... time to uninstall
Half-brick? More like half-assed! Why don't you show your *PAYING* customers some respect? For the longest time the Free version had more content than this paid version. And now this rewards nonsense which isn't even relevant to my geo location? There's no way I'm spending another cent on any Half-brick products - I'd sooner use a pirated version! It's not the money, it's the principle - the slap in the faces of your loyal userbase, when you just decided to change the rules on us..
I click onto the app and it won't allow me to play the actual game, only loading from main screen  and then telling me that it's loading something but cuts out straight afterwards bringing me back to the home screen (halfbrick screen)
Love this game and it was working fine on my s2 but one fine day it stopped working and crashes every time I access it. Have tried  everything and followed all the steps provided bytheir csr support guys to no avail. Wish someone could fix this game.
I paid for no advertising
As my title says. Now all it does is launch, try to load some third-party crapware plugin called Feint and crashes. Wash, rinse, repeat, over and over until you manually kill it. Stock Galaxy Nexus.
This app is extremely laggy on the nexus 7. Having ads on a paid game is ridiculous, especially when they come up during gameplay! Starfruit update needs to be supported. Also in need of an HD version which has got pomegranate and starfruit updates.
I purchased it played it for 5 min came back and didnt have refund aaaargh
Game failed to open numerous times.  had to reinstall.  lost all high scores.
Unplayable 3 sec lag spike and ads...uninstalling
Every single game you play is plagued with a counting rewards system giving you points towards fake coupons that aren't really discounts spamming your screen with popups after advancing each level. This would be fine for free version but don't pull this garbage in a paid app when your a big published. Will not buy halfbrick apps ever again.
Update took forever, but the game is now enjoyable. Unfortunately, there are ads in this, a paid app. And it again is not updated with the iPhone version. Just wow.
Updates takes erm..i dont knw...u tell me halfbrick...maybe in another thousand more years??!!
Many reviewers are complaining about ads on this version and permissions. Due to this, I have not updated the game for a long time so have not been able to experience the good updates. I do not want my contact details taken. Fix up otherwise I'm going to end up Uninstalling this game which I once had fun playing.
No explanation for needing to read my contact data = malicious in my eyes... Unless you don't tell us because it's for nefarious purposes... Edit: un-installed today, still haven't fixed permissions...
It will not get past the developer logo making it unplayable seeing that I paid for this makes it unacceptable 0/5 stars even tho I had to put one star to post this
They aren't rewards they are ads! I hate that this is happening on a 'paid for' app. Half brick are scum!
I think its illegal to do that
If the developer wanted to put ads, there should have been an option to disable them for users who paid for the game earlier. The reason I paid for the game when there was a free version available was to not see third party ads.... and to call them rewards is a joke ! Will uninstall until this is fixed.   And to the developer / friend trying to defend this (4SHEEZY) - why should I even have to do this if I have the paid version (not to mention that I tried and it won't make any difference).
Ads in a paid game? Now that is a brilliant idea...
I love this game. However, it crashes when I try to play online and if I don't force close it keeps eating the battery of my phone. Very poor experience for a paid app.
I love this game. However, it crashes when I try to play online and if I don't force close it keeps eating the battery of my phone. Very poor experience for a paid app.
How about Jetpack Joyride already? Seriously!
Paid for and installed my favorite game on my new s3 only to find that it is unplayable because of lag, its very hard to even get a 3 hit combo.I have checked that there is no background apps running at the same time and i have plenty of memory. Reinstalling didnt help. Not happy considering it's one of the fastest phones on the market.Fix it please.
When I first played, it opened. But the next time, and times after that, it doesn't open. HELP
Paid for no ads. When's the new update coming in? It's been months.
I love the game very much but, halfbrick abandoned the game on android devices and there are no updates from a long time. And apple devices get all the fun
Remove ads!
Buying game to support devs! Simply love this game.
...absurd. I'm officially done with Halfbrick.
Pathetic that you call them rewards. You should be ashamed of yourselves
A paid app which I bought legitimately now has ads? Furthermore, it requires my phone state and identity, along with tracking my location? Seriously? Way to ruin a good game. Halfbrick Studios are fools.
Like others have said. Please remove the rewards. I love this game but this has put me off playing.
Lags on my galaxy s3.
I bought this app for my galaxy s 3 but it does not work it keeps restarting.
Great game but I didn't buy the paid version to see ads. What were the devs thinking!
This paid up now pauses to give you coupons. Pointless. Beyond tasteless.
I'm glad they finally updated the graphics for he phones, however winning an add as a reward is rediculous....0/5 stars for that in a paid app.
Rewads are boring and frustrating when they come with an app I paid for. I don´t wanna give a simple arcarde game the permission to check my position...
LMAO
Okay, I had the free version. It was pretty cool. Bought the full version. What the hell? Ads in a paid for app, laggy, misleading "rewards", and WAY behind on Apple updates. Really disappointed. Screw you halfbrick.
Used to LOVE this game. Now? It freezes 3 or 4 times a GAME (no other apps do) and that stupid rewards thing is crap! I PAID for no adds, this is ridiculous. Please please please do something to fix this cause I want to play again so bad
Why it's so laggy in my note???can i get refund for this laggy???
Perfectly good paid for game ruined by updates which added scam advertising for free trails under the guise of being rewards for points earned in the game.
I want a refind because i just bought this game and it doesnt stop crashing i can play it at all refund!!
The only game that becomes laggy after I upgrade to ICS. Please fix it!
I love it!
1 star as it erased everything I had when I opened for no ads it oped for me to start all over!:( NOT COOL pls fix this and ill rerate 5 star.
It's taking a lifetime to download. It hasn't even installed yet.
UPDATE: I have confirmed with Half Brick support that there is no means of inviting specific friends to play with you on Android phones. I feel deceived and thus rate this version of the game 1 Star. ... Even with friends added in Open feint, there is no way to invite a friend to a game. On both 4G and wifi, Quick play always results in a connection error. Multi player is completely broken.  CDMA Galaxy Nexus Android 4.0.4
When it tries to start it seems to enter an infinite load OpenFeint/crash/restart/repeat loop on ICS. It makes it impossible to play the game.
When it tries to start it seems to enter an infinite load OpenFeint/crash/restart/repeat loop on ICS. It makes it impossible to play the game.
Doesnt even play on ny phone anymore. Just crashes and causes me to reboot phone.. Xperia
Online doesnt work
I uninstalled this app after seeing the changed permissions and the addition of ads to the latest version. We don't pay for that crap.
Paid apps with ads, no matter how good, are instant 1 star.  It's shameful.
The free version gives you everything you need without the lag and fake rewards!!
Game is great but not updating due to permissions being added
It was my favorite game but the latest version no longer runs properly on my Legend. Hard to imagine why since it was fine before. Now besides being unplayable I hear they've put ads in place of Sensei's fun facts. What a tragedy. Where can I get the old version? To think I paid for this!
Had an iphone4 not the s and got this phone 5 days ago play both games on both phones and the slice on this phone is delayed what a joke! Soon as iphone 5 comes out I'm there adding the fact that my old phone has one processor and this as four F#@king JOKE!! GREAT GAME ON THE IPHONE THO!
So I finally buy the game to get rid of ads thanks to the stupid "rewards" crap plus you can't even play versus on the android version
Way behind ios in updates, and now there's ads? We pay the same amount of money as everyone with an iPhone, and get less? It's a shame because I love this game.
It isn't allowing me to update...... "package file is invalid" :S
Needs more effort from devs, they don't seem to care about android. iOS has even more features while on android frenzy doesn't work,the settings button on ICS gets in the way and ads for vouchers pop up mid-game in the paid version. I love this game but the devs just want to pump cash out of droid users for no effort. Avoid for now, get the free version.
Why cant i play mutiplayer with my friend ? But i can on the ipad
Dissapointed At first it was alright but now its really laggy need an update Galaxy s3
Game is great, but I pallid so I would not have adds and pop ups.. I don't want you stupid "rewards" that are just cheap junk advertisements.. it stops the game and is a real pain in the butt
The game is a great way to kill time. But, I paid to get rid of ads and suddenly this stupid "rewards" thing appears. I thought it would be a way to unlock cool rewards, but, lo and behold, the rewards are ads. It would have been 5 stats, you gutsy fools at halfbrick.
5 stars for being a rock solid slicer that's so much fun. -4 stars for having ads in a paid app. Even though you can turn them "off", every time you complete a level, it still shows how many points you've earned towards your next "reward" (i.e. ad). I play the game to relax, not to be advertised at.
Which is ridiculous. I paid for the game, why should I be spammed with advertising? I'm getting to think that paying for a game isn't worth it anymore if you have the same experience as people who use the free version.
Yet we get bombarded with ads as said by others...  And lag issues. HORRID! Not updating :)
Lose the ads f*** stick...
It's a fun game but I paid I don't want to see beinitoo or whatever. Also online doesn't work
Game is good but I paid for the app which should mean no ads. 5 stars if ads are removed
The application attempts to load feint but it restarts and then loads feint and then restarts and goes on an infinite loop. Please fix this. SGS 3
Stuck on loading feint...
fix it fast, we cant play.
Android classic.
Bad new permissions needed :(
I paid for this and it shoves voucher scam ads down my throat? Bad form... Would score well otherwise.
Online multiplayer never works. Would not have bought it if I knew that...
Thank you Halfbrick! I deleted it until further notice.
Game continuously tries to load openfeint evn though I have no interest in multiplayer and freezes on my phone. Unacceptable for a paid app.
Didn't even get to play, keeps force closing. Would've given it no stars at all.
Game constantly freezes and skips making it near impossible to get a good score or enjoy playing.
Great game but very laggy and ads in the paid version?
Why did you put spyware in your game?
ask was to pay for game with no ads. then update adds ads. really, google, this is at the very least totally unethical. maybe more?
I can't even open it on my phone. Every time I come to it just force closes. You need to fix your app. Works much better on apple iOS
I paid for this, STOP the ads. One star because I can't give negative 100 stars.
Its slow on my LG optimus.
2 things. 1. Fix multiplayer 2. Update to v1.8. (iOS version)
Where is the new update??
Iphone got new update but what about Andriod? Please release update for andriod asap....
Is there any way, for the new update, for the rewards it be things like to deflect bombs, add more time or something like star fruit, and be able to buy stuff with it, that would be soooo much fun
Ok, so I start downloading the update for fruit ninja and I start reading the comment. The first one I see is someone complaining about ads in the new update. I imedeatly stop the update and read some more to see if it was just a person with the demo. It wasent. There were about five others. I will rate this game 1 star until ita fixed.
The update added ads and a multiplayer that doesn't even work. Awesome update...
if ios gets the new update you should do the same for android. we paid money just like they did so were is thr star fruit update. KEEP UP!!!
What's next? Buy new blades?
Paid for no ads, get ads in the game and now targeting me through the browser... flipping rediculous
I paid for the game and found out it had ads or "vouchers" as the call them and the game freezes, force closes or runs super slow....
I paid for the game and found out it had ads or "vouchers" as the call them and the game freezes, force closes or runs super slow....
Already paid for the game and then they add the most obnoxious ads I've ever seen. Never buying from this company again and i hope you lose tons of customers over this, greedy buggers.
Why are there ads in a paid game.? Sort it out half brick, and stop screwing over your customers.
ads :(
You gotta be joking with these ads!!! You got my MONEY, now what?? Thats not playing fair!!
What kind of frenzy was that? It was like 10 fruits will just come out! And ain't a frame+rate friendly for my low-end devices! Multiplayer does not work! This game us the worst PAID game I ever purchased!
Thanks for the ads really nice that I pay for them.
Wow a paid version with adds also when I bought it It's not just a one time charge I get charged monthly for it without it telling me so wtf is that!!!
Paid version with ads = scumbag move.  People will just be encouraged to pirate it.  Im looking for  cracked version as a PAYING customer because of your ads.
SO, We pay for the app. And when we get a high score, we are rewarded with an AD! Nice work guys. Especially when it freezes the game. Keep it up.
slash sound cuts out and game crashes way too often. droid x 2.1 and 2.2
Give me a break. What's the point of paying if you're still going to give me ads?
why are you adding ads to a paid version
Getting refund lol
Ads? Go to hell So glad I still haven't updated!
When I press Home button while playing, and then turn off the screen - and then turn it on after 1 hour, the app is still there and it sucks up all the battery (cpu usage show 45% on galaxy note, that means almost full a cpu) . That way of exiting app is usually the case, who even care to press Back or quit by menu ? The other games are still there but doesnt use that much cpu power ! Please fix it  Secondly, it lags on galaxy note, it's a shame - because it runs smoothly even on iphone 3gs
Why on earth are there ads in a paid for version of a game love the game low rating on behalf of the rewards (ads) why call them rewards?
Lot of lags after update ics
Adds
Been trying to play online for two days and it doesn't work!!!!
Own a legitimate copy of the game and got an error message about licensing.
Paid app. These poorly disguised ads (coupons? Really?) Are an eyesore and an irritant. Take them off and the 5 star rank comes back
Turning off "rewards" still makes ads show up on your paid version of the game.
I like the part where its a verbatim copy of a Nintendo DS minigame that predates it by several years... In fairness, Nintendo know what they're doing, copying them is smart.
How do you guys release a multiplayer update that never works? I have always gotten a network error. And it STILL hasn't been fixed. Not to mention the fact that the iphone version is lightyears ahead in content.
Graphics,look terrible. Please,make Fruit Ninja HD please
cant believe the pomogrante is here finally only to be cancelles out by the loser coupons you get once you reach 5000 points. Please come up with something creative and worth playing for. Very disappointed and I live for Fruit Ninja!
Keeps freezeing on my phone no fun dont waste your money
Doesn't even open the worst app I have ever bought
Its so bad
Crashes after title screen HTC Desire Bravo
I, among most of the people providing feedback demand an explanation in regards to the advertisements. Not to mention the unlawful theft of private information. Contact me immediately.
Putting ads in a paid game is not cool
Soooo annoyinggg used to love this game n paid so its add free.. rewards my frigging a***
ads, no online players... guys, I payed for this?!
Wth? I paid for this app, why do I now have to deal with ads for vouchers? Get rid of the "rewards" system
I bought the full version and the achievements keep being forgotten, so whenever I start the app, it forgets my blades and wallpapers. Wtf. I paid for it, it shouldn't be messing up. It sucks.
Ads in paid version now? Fail.
Why are you screwing over those who paid for the game?
I bought this only to play online so what the heck? This five star game will drop to 4 very soon.
I hate the ads .. I bought this today so my kiddo can have an ads free game .. n bam constant voucher thing ... There should be an option to opt out. Especially for a paid app. The only reason more than half of the people buy apps is to be free of ads ...I am so NOT HAPPY..... The ADS POP UP DURING PLAY NOW N COVER SCREEN!
Way to big to use now that it's nearly 30mb in size well guess I'll never be able to play this again and yet another app I feel I've been robbed at gun point well goodbye forever
Ads in a paid version I bought on the day it released?  Not updating - go to hell, sheisty developers.
Ads in paid version??? Really?
Baught this because the free version wanted permissions to everything. Now this paid version wants to invade your phone. Why does fruit ninja need to know my phone and phone call details? Not like at all. Plus now advertising has been added to the paid version. No thanks. Not updating. And if i could turn back time, wouldnt buy.
new upgrade bombards you with ads. all I'm looking for is clean, uninterrupted game play.. I dont think that's too much to ask for, especially when I've already paid for it.
It was a lot of fun before this update. Now its slow and freezes frequently. And there is not quite anything I love so much as having ads in my PAID version. Not cool.
Dude those are not rewards, they are ads. Especially since I live 100km away. Ur not thinking about our demographic at all. Why are you doing this to ppl who actually paid for this? & took u long enough to explain on the permission. After ppl complains.
Who do you think you are? What company would make the users read ads while paying for it? You might as well just get the free version it pirate it if they're going to put ads in the paid version. Honestly what are devs thinking these days? ?? I'll tell you... its money cold hard green and mean money.  I use to wish this company good luck now I hope that no one buys there stuff anymore!!
This is a PAID application.  STOP SPAMMING ADS IN SOMETHING I PAID FOR!
Paid app with ads... I don't care that I bought this app... Uninstalled!
Paid for ads... yay... I should go pay for computer viruses now too. Sounds like a blast!
Am I FUK updating, sort it out halfbrick while you still have a slight chance of saving your rep.
Ads in a paid app? No thanks. Uninstalled.
I can't believe that you would expect good reviews when you put ads in the paid version. What the hell!
Ads in the paid version! Never buy from this developer!
No explanation of why this program needs to know my location.
Y those new permissions ???
get rid of them, I did not pay for that...
This was a great game until I saw the latest permission requested: "coarse location". Why does a game need to know my device location? Uninstalled.
Stupid freaking ads on a paid app. RIDICULOUS!!! If you haven't updated keep the pre March 23rd version!
I love fruit ninja. But putting ads in something I paid for is just annoying.
Ads in paid version? No thanks. Uninstalled.
Adverts poorly disguised as rewards snuck in with update despite paying for the app.
I say we revolt. Everyone uninstall and don't recommend, lower your score till ads are gone. Its bs.
I haven't updated my game for ages, its still very much ad free etc, but ill give it 1 star just because of the recent reviews on the latest updates. Forget that, ill rather keep my ad free version, than upgrade.
I purchased this game because I didn't want the ads, but now after the"update" it's got ads again. Like I want to get a high score just so I can buy stuff! Get rid of them!
Since the upgrade I'm only giving one star. EXTREMELY aggravated that I am seeing ads, yes disguised  as rewards but ads just same, in an app that I paid for. Also lags constantly since the upgrade when it was fine before.  Fix or i will be uninstalling and contacting my credit card company for credit for my phone version and my windows version on my dell inspiron duo.
What next, no fruit or blades?
Don't bother paying. There are ads regardless.
Might as well save your money and keep the free version. Except for that one thing, I was prepared to rate this a 5! Ooh, sorry. Wait. No, I'm not.
I bought it because of the multiplayer mode. I tried many times to find opponents using wifi but it only worked once. I am frustrated about it.
There are now advertisements,  disguised as "rewards",  in game that I paid not to have advertisements in.  Since when is getting an advertisement, which you paid to have removed,  a reward for doing well in-game?
Can't even play the game on android 4 ...keeps saying loading fient andnbumps back to title screen. Is it too much to ask that the PAID version at least load  without some add bs screwing it up???
This is a  disgusting practice on your companies behalf to include such sketchy advertising in a paid app.
The new explanation of those new permission were not clear, you didn't explain fully why you need camera access in the first place, and it has invasive ads now in the paid app. Moreover, why on earth i would see ad in the paid app, I paid because I didn't wanna see ad man
Yes that is right, give them $ and get spammed with ads!
pay for ads ? wth!!
The game freezes frequently for about 5 seconds at at time and ads In a paid app is intolerable.   Fix these things and its 5 stars.
Ads in a paid app?  Really now, Halfbrick?  This is probably the most aggregious sin a developer can commit in the Android Market.
Don't buy this until the ads are removed. It's the paid version for god's sake!
I'm not updating and my review score stands until the ads are removed
It's a great game, but there really shouldn't be ads in the paid version. Quit treating your customers as revenue streams, Halfbrick!
DROID RAZR lags always free phone. Wth is wrong with your updates
Paid game with ads?!?!?
What the heck????? I paid for this app!
Get rid of ads on paid version
App is going downhill :( lags constantly. And ads now??
Why is Beintoo on this version?
Wow.
Would be at least 4 stars, but having to look at ads after I purchased is unacceptable
Doesn't even open on my Epic 4g Touch.
Doesn't even open on my Epic 4g Touch.
I can't play multiplayer. Force closes and freezes every time. Very very frustrating. FIX IT.
Ads for paid customers. U suck!
Love it
is there a class action law suit yet? blatantly illegal to sell something without ads to later incorporate them later. 1 star and burn in hell.
Remove the ads. Until then I'm staying with the old version!
You're a bunch of thieves
Used to love it, now the ads mean I won't buy any more apps from this developer. Poor form, Halfbrick!
I'm not updating to get ads.
Uninstalling. I'll just play on my old iPhone with no ads. Why put ads in? I gave you money?
Ads!? WTF, why did I pay for this app, then?
I payed for this app, and its always been kinda slow on my phone, but now apparently its incompatible with my phone, so i cant update! It's never worked properly and now apparently never will, would appreciate it if the developers could sort this out, either that or i want a refund! :(
Paid version - now with ads! No thanks.
This is redicoulus. I bought this game for NO ads and noone is gonna do your little "rewards" thing
Paid for game "rewards" you with a "coupon" (ad) for cheap, useless crap.
Stop with the stupid ads... I don't like paying for an app and having this many ads.
I love this game enough to buy it so i wont be interrupted by adds. Prior to update this was my favorite game on the market. Now theres adds, as if paying wasnt enough, and the game freezes during gameplay (EXTREMELY frustrating!!). I am demanding a refund and i have lost all faith in the developers of this game.
Really?
Ads in a game I bought?!
No excuse for this. Uninstall
I hate ads that's why I buy a paid version. Then guess what I get? It's still ads!!!
For a game? No thanks. Uninstall
Why are they on a paid version?
Really, ads on a paid app??? Will not install update!
I paid for this to get rid of them! And get rid of the dodgy unneeded permissions too!
I paid for this to get rid of them! And get rid of the dodgy unneeded permissions too!
the Goddamn game doesn't work now for me
Now it freezes constantly (not in the good way) in the middle of games!  Add that to the ads! I paid for this? Never buying again from this developer! What a mess!
Still have ads
update since everyone said they're ads in a paid app, fail.
Why do you need perm. to modify/delete SD card contents? None of ur business, right?
I can't believe that it was not updated in more than a year and when it finally is, there are ads disguised as rewards in the game. You have to be kidding me. Awful, just awful.
App not compatible with HTC Wildfire S anymore...please fix.
App not compatible with HTC Wildfire S anymore...please fix.
Good game but I have found the multiplayer biased , if your in the lead by 5 or more each time you will just throw in a 100 fruit for them just to catch up!!
Too many permissions to justify an upgrade. Don't care about online play, so it shouldn't need phone state or location...its a game.  Ads in new paid version? Really? Might be time to uninstall.
Freezing and adds arent worth a pomegranate to me. Great before. Sucks now. Fix please, you've been paid already.
In the flipping paid version. Wtf.
In the flipping paid version. Wtf.
Forces closes upon launching.
As with other comments I will not update when it's asking for stuff that it shouldn't be. Please remove additional permissions.
I don't want Ads in my PAID version... wtf!!!
...and now we got them
Please get rid of ads from the paid version!
5 when you fix the online?
You remove the disguised ads placed in a paid app.  The longer you take to correct this,  the more 1 star reviews will pile up and drag your rating down.
get Ad Free Android and stop whining.  Devs: please update Fruit Ninja THD.
Paid app. Crashed 3 times at start,played once successfully. Not happy.  :o(
I paid for this app and I get Openfeint  :(    This app has Openfeint and if you don't have any data connection, you can't change any of the Openfeint settings which is a catch 22.....  If you successfully bring up Openfeint menu to change settings, Openfeint sends your data.
I cant play online !!!! Boo.
why free version is better than paid??? constant lags and ads.. thanks for nothing!
I supported this publisher by paying for the game, now I'm getting swindled by them. Performance is terrible, too. This game lags horribly on a device that can easily handle it. Do yourself a favor and don't pay these people a cent.
New lower score. Can't believe a developer would inject ads disguised add treats like this. Intermittent pauses during game play too on bionic
I paid for this game.  Shouldn't be seeing ads.
I love this game but all day today  it has been crashing on my xperia x10
The game play is smooth enough but I paid for no ads so I shouldn't get any! One star for lying to your customers. I will not be updating this app on any of my devices.
Loved the game until recently, where the update required me to accept a permission allowing this app to know my location. What purpose does that serve? Until that changes, I suggest everyone uninstall this game.
What is up with the frenzy. You get a few fruit flying across the screen and thats it. If your luck enough to get double points and frenzy you get a few more fruit. Why don't we get the same support you give ios user? And ads in a paid version. Who do you think you are to break the rules. Absolute rubbish.
Ads are horrible and multiplayer almost never works.
Really!?
Really!?
Ads? Staying with old version until this is fixed. Or will uninstall.
Everyone is mad about ads in a paid game. I updated when permissions were changed but fell back because the ads are still there. This is theft, plain and simple, we paid you to get rid of ads and you force them in with an update. Trust me, the pomegranate is not worth your lies.
Ads in a paid app.. Come on!
Uninstalled after it started showing "rewards", i.e. advertising hidden behind points :S
Don't buy this until they remove their "rewards" aka ads section in a paid game. Completely unacceptable!
Ignoring the update until I see people saying the ads are gone.
Freezes a lot on Droid Razr. Freezes for about 3 seconds multiple times during a game. Highly annoying adds disguised as rewards.
Paid for ads???
This game was really fun. But then I installed this update and now I can't even open the game. Its says I have to force close or report, it doesn't even make it to the title screen.
Loved this game and played it constantly. I even bought the paid version. I was so excited  for the new update, and you're giving us ads? Can't believe how badly you're treating android users. Poor form.
SURE, SCREW US OVER WITH A FREE VERSION THAT GETS UPDATES THAT DOESNT EVEN WORK FOR MY PHONE, U ASSHOLES.
I have to turn off my 3g to get rid of the ads
I paid 1.25 for this game and it dosent even work! It freezes and I cant even move! It freezes my phone and  I cant even turn the volume down!! >:(
The quick match doesn't work for me,  it just gets stocked on finding player which never ends , after fix 5 stars
Get rid of the, aids guys or your mom is gonna spank you
Popup ads offering things for sale on the paid version aren't a "new feature" they are an obstruction.
My 17 month old would always play this since update he keeps hitting the ads by accident and now cries when it leaves the game.  Remove ads and stop making babies cry if I wanted ads. I'd download the free version
Was a good game, now crap due to removing my high score (which your update did not fix) and a large file size causing my phone to lag.
Paid for this version so that I could get rid of the ads, not so you could b cheap nd put in some cheap voucher coupon ad system. This on top of the previous outrageous permissions, Bad form guys, uninstall. Losing the trust of your customers isn't a wise business practice.
Way to be greedy and ruin this. Fail of an update
I get lag almost every 5-10 seconds...game is essentially unplayable since update.
Too bad you can't rate zero stars. Ads in a paid for app? Never buying anything from this company and letting friends family know to follow suit.
Ads in paid version = A BIG NO! Will never buy from this developer again.
Ads in a paid version. Unbelievable.
I can't play online
Even though google play says that the application is compatible with my HTC Desire, the game is crushing at the very start screen. So basically I paid for it and couldn't play for a single time. I would rate it as 5 stars otherwise.
Ads in the paid version. Uninstalled.
Sadly not for me anymore, the permissions required are far too wide ranging and ads in a paid for application are a huge no no.
Won't play and constant ads
Won't play and constant ads
Don't put ads in a game I paid for....lags now too. Droid razr
U can't be serious putting ads into paid version.  One star
U can't be serious putting ads into paid version.  One star
In a paid version, no thanks.
Paying for ads? Fix this immediately!
Ads?
I really hope this doesn't catch on. Oh well if it does I guess won't buy apps anymore.
Uninstalled.
Was great - now lags, pauses,cuts out & overall lousy.
Remove ads!!!
Beat every thing in just two hours. Hours of fun.
Ever since the update, it lags so badly on my sgs 2. While the multiplayer is a good move, it's pretty useless if I can't even play properly.
People pay to have ads removed most of the time for an application. Why add them to a PAID version of the app. 1 star forever for doing this.
With latest update it won't start.
Games now earn points towards spam offers that interrupt and annoy, how fun. You covered up fruit facts for this?
Games now earn points towards spam offers that interrupt and annoy, how fun. You covered up fruit facts for this?
Pauses for 5 seconds in the middle of the game. Never did that before update. Ads are not acceptable in a paid app. Uninstalling and avoiding Halfbrick in the future.
Wish I never would have updated this. Now I have ads on a paid version of a game and constant BEINTOO crap. I'm not interested in any of this garbage.
It's a joke for paying money buying an app with ads......very disappointed!
What's with all the intrusive permissions? Not going to update until this is sorted.
Needs more work. Still can't play multiplayer. And now that it is free. The paid version should get rid of ads. The reward idea was okay if they were coupons for things people wanted.
Remove ads for paid app
Get rid of the ads!  Will rate as 5-stars when ads are removed.
I will be disputing charge on my credit card to get my money back. Putting ads on here after I paid is spit in my face. I am a blogger and so are my friends, it is my new goal to destroy the halfbrick name from here on out. Good luck, noing good will ever be spoken of your company and game again from me and almost everyone who likes this game with me...hope the ads pay well for you losers.
error 403 while trying to update paid now feels like donate wish I knew this earlier now I notice theor adds in paid uninstalled  and not caring to try this app again
Get real bud. This is a paid app, there should not be ads. Uninstalling.
This is why I'm uninstalling today. Way to be lame.
...
i bought the game a year ago and got no updates for the whole year while the iphone version got at least 3 and now when you finally update i also got adds in the paid version? i am definitively not going to buy any other game from halfbrick
If half brick are willing to pay for my data plan and send me a new battery i could understand the justification for a third  party rewards program in this app that i have already purchased
Needless permissions and ads mean I'm not updating.  Why steal contact info when you can grab the number from every incoming call.
Bullshit to pay for a game and u still sneak in ads,
I haven't played lately, but when I opened it up today I was greeted by constant freezing and stuttering of the game.
Tsk. We like this game in our house, but won't be keeping it because of the ads and permissions.
???? Read phone calls!?!
???? Read phone calls!?!
Alright come on, you had a 5 star rating and now your just hurting yourself. We all payed for this app and you decide to reward us with annoying ads. Cool story bro. NOT.
Ads in a paid Version.
ads on paid version??? w tf
ads on paid version??? w tf
Everyone should drop them to one star until they remove the rewards/ads.
boo
and extensive permissions must go.
multiplayer isnt working and that dumb point system I cant use it to buy anything
Beating the topic to death here, but seriously, these things are uncalled for. Uninstalling & am now mad I paid for it...
ads with a paid game, really? enough said.
Ads in a paid App? Really!? 1 star for you.
Get rid of the ads and the excessive permissions.
Get rid of the ads and the excessive permissions.
Poor game
I paid money, I don't want ads. I don't deserve ads. Fruit Ninja was my first Android purchase, but I will suffer you no longer. I quit you.
But now you have stupid permissions. Dislike your third party advertising taking my info.
Remove ads!
I paid for this game its not fair to have an ad.
Cmon guys, I paid for this app, take the ads out or give me my money back. Your choice.  1star this app until they remove add!
I did not pay to be served ads.
I agree with the other. what's up with ads disguised as rewards...lame. After the update the game has become sluggish and at times freezes and shuts down
Are you crazy!?
Update ruined the game
Paid for app. Updates to include ads as rewards and ridiculous permissions. No thank you. I cannot recommend fruit ninja. Don't download.
I paid for this and am now uninstalling due to the adverts and scary permissions. I suggest Halfbrick change their name since I won't be buying their products in the future after this :(
Love this game, but this new update is horrible! I haven't been able to finish one game without it freezing (requiring a force stop) since the update.
I like the game but I can't download it! Samsung Galaxy W.
Shameful developers.. Hope this is the end of ur success until sorted
Fixed some permission issues only to rip everyone off with ads in a paid game. Uninstalled until they get their act together.
Great game! I Don't really care about the ads, so it's a great, addictive game.5/5	Oh wait..that was the title i was typing...
Enough said...
I used to love this game. Key word is USED to. After the new update this game is so laggy its unbearable to play. I paid for the game... I shouldnt have ads popping up as "rewards". FIX THIS GAME
Ads in payed version, bad!
What is the point in putting ads in this version? Like you aren't making loads of money with the 360 version and all of the merchandise I've seen around including an arcade version? You have to put ads, worthless permissions, and worst performance into the mix? Won't be supporting your company any longer.
Great game. First app I actually bought!
Nice work chaps.  Wouldn't have bought this with ads present, now they're forced on me.  Rip off.
Wait, you released an update that gives my location to advertisers like Beintoo, and gives me adverts as a 'reward' in the version I paid for? I hope you're earning a lot of money from them, because you're done earning money from me.
Glad I have read the reviews first before deciding to update. If the allegations of ads in paid apps by Halfbrick is true, I am amending my previous review to one star and will actively prevent installing and paying for apps developed by Halfbrick.
Half brick is just getting plain greedy now. Instead of addressing actual performance issues by optimizing for different gpus, they just upped the resolution, put in more ads, and called it a day. Bad move half brick, people pay for apps so they can see less ads, not more. No one will click on these stupid ads you'll be the ultimate loser for not serving your customer's interest.
Ads in the paid version.
the online feature of the game does not work. and yes my wifi is on. samsung galaxy s2
Works perfect. Great update
Remove them. Thanks.
This is a seriously bad idea. I hope that the revenues the ads are generating will compensate for the loss of future revenues from previously happy customers who now feel ripped off and won't buy another application from Halfbrick.
Ads in paid version and new permissions.
Until there were ADS! Wtf are there ads I paid for this and there's ads you suck dev!
Good thing I ain't updating this game. Thanks everyone
The whole point of buying the game was to delete the ads, so this was a stupid update.
Thanks for nothing Halfbrick
Thanks for nothing Halfbrick
Freezes constantly, and what is this "rewards" bullshit? They are called ads, and we paid to get rid of them once already.
Thanks for that.
Please get rid of them, or already allow us to disable them. I hate seeing them instead of the fun fruit facts, and the popup along the bottom is annoying. Please fix, then I'll fix my rating.
Samsung Galaxy Nexus ICS. Starts to load game, then tries to load Feint, then simply alternates back & forth between them while actually loading neither. Game never starts. Sucks because I paid for it.
Ads in paid game poorly disguised as bonuses...poor
I did not pay for this app to see ads.. please discard..
The new update now wants to know where I am.  Uninstalling.  (Glad I got it cheap during google's promotion.)
apps in paid app = trash
Why on earth would you put online gameplay on a game when clearly it don't work !!! either get rid or sort it out , i paid for this app !! also all the whiners going on bout permissions !!! get a nokia cos you oviously can't use yer phone !!!!!
There should not be ads in a paid game.
Ads in a paid game?
Coupons. Really?
Ads for paid version? De la pub pour une version payante? N'importe quoi ! cette boite qui se permet d'ajouter des pubs dans les nouvelles mises à jours!! Je vous rappelle que c'est une version payante !!!
I don't believe I paid for adds when I bought this app, guess I as well as my girlfriend will be uninstalling as well as contacting our credit card companies to dispute the charge like other users are doing.
.
.
Added ads and stupid permissions means no more fruit ninja for me. Not even that fun of a game
Unless you like paying for watching adds.
Same as my other app. Bring it up to the version that iPhone users have and I'll give you 5 stars. Till then I'm just gonna play it on my iPhone. And fix the crappy graphics!
don't get the latest update with intrusive ads. did i really pay for this?  how can i get my money back or revert to the previous version.
Says I bought the game but I never did
I didn't pay for adverts, so I'm sticking with the previous release. Rated 1 star in protest.
Good game. Only 1 star though because I'm annoyed that I paid to remove the ads from the free version. Now after the update, the ads are back?! Bad show tbh. The game also now lags at the start of a game mode since the update.
Permission to track my phone and added ads...
Great game. I mean seriously amazing game, but its constantly freezing on my phone. Also, I am not able to play multiplayer mode.  -a Droid Razr owner
Best game ever a must have :)
It won't load for Nexus S. It keeps crashing.
Fix the permissions and remove the ads from the paid version and I will re-rate... until then only 1 star shame on you
Ads for a paid app and reading phone calls? Wtf... Your not a new dev to android. Uninstalled.
Ads for a paid app and reading phone calls? Wtf... Your not a new dev to android. Uninstalled.
Uninstalling. There is no reason that this app should be tracking my phone calls.
At work, I tell people I was "cutting it up" so that's why I was in the bathroom for 20 minutes.  Wish openfeint could be entirely disabled
I would rate it a 5 but it freezes through out my games and its irritating. The free app was great... so I purchased the app to do online challenges with others what a waste. Please fix it t this problem...
There is almost no difference between paid and free.we payed you money and supported you and we receive ads in return.I hope you go bankrupt for cheating your customers like this.
Everytime I want to play online it freezes up and doesn't not respond
Those of us who paid for the game should have the option of disabling the ads! That's why there's supposed to be a FREE version and a PAID version...right? It's pretty pathetic treating your paying customers like this and I definitely won't be recommending any of your games to anybody else.
And you spoil it with ads. Fail.
I paid for this to support you. Now, after several updates, you bring back ads to the paid version. Plus still needing GPS and phone access is not necessary for a game. I'm uninstalling. Wish I could get a refund, or go nack to version I purchsed thay didn't have ads.
So (some) of the excessive permissions got removed. Good. But I still see ads (calling them vouchers doesn't mean they're not ads) in a game I paid for? Jeez, you guys don't learn...
Paid the price... just keeps crashing on startup. HTC Desire
finally updated and playable.
Stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid ADS!!!!! I PAID FOR THIS GAME. And permissions? What halfbrick?
Why does a game need to read my phone status? Bad update, uninstalled!
This didn't happen before the update. And what's this nonsense I read about ads. I love how we pay for an app and are rewarded with nonsense
It was working wen I played it a couple days ago , and now it justs goes to a black screen before it turns on , and shuts off
It's still laggy....Performance needs to be optimized. And why do I get ads in paid version!?
Ads=bullshit
It took long time to connect multiplayer and most of the time it says error internet connection but internet connection is ok.please fixed this issue.my phone I HTC desire hd. Thank you.....
It just force closes. Samsung Galaxy Fit.
Like people already said game is dead  + faint removed the achievements and leaderboards, what's the point now?
Why am I see ads when I bought the game? I've got vouchers for flowers bouquets in a city 100km away from me, WTF have you guys ever heard of demographic targeting? The game is often laggy when it used to be fine before the last update (don't tell me my desire Z can't handle it) Please fix! thanks!
I don't see why this app needs such invasive permissions. Including ads in the paid version is also unacceptable.
Too many permissions
I never saw why they needed the extra permissions, their code could have been hacked for all we know.  Too many bad things at once is a red flag, so goodbye.
New update broke my game,  wont start up now
I bought this game so I wouldn't have ads anymore, and now if is score enough points I get...you guessed it! An ad for a discount website. Ridiculous!
Uninstalled. You do not need my phone state and identity nor my location to throw fruit at me
I'm sorry, rewards? I think half brick got the rewards, while we got ads that we paid not to have, that make the frame rate skip. Uninstall.
Why on earth has permissions changed to view my phone number and who I'm talking to? No thanks!
Contacts data? Why! Uninstall and zero rating!!!
Why the new permissions? Not updating.
Paid version has ads! Uninstalling and demanding a refund from the developer and contacting my credit card company!
A game does not need those permissions
The update shows you some ad whenever you start the game. uninstalled!
Why do you need phone state and identity? This app in no way needs to know who I'm on the phone to or what my number is.
Ads for an app I paid is unacceptable
New update adds the ability to gain achievement points toward a reward.   New blade?  Spiffy new background?  Like Chuck Testa says:  NOPE!   It's progress toward some lame coupon by a site called beintoo.   Used to love this game.  It's now uninstalled, along with the PiB version.  Bad move, Halfbrick.
The update puts ads into a game you paid for and tracks your location for advertisers.  Uninstalling and never buying anything from this developer ever again.
No more ads thank you
You want more of my money?  Can you not request me send texts?
Read all the other reviews. Don't support a developer that screws paying customers with ridiculous permissions and ads. Douche move, Halfbrick
No one should expect ads in a paid app.
Finally updated but crashes and lags like crazy I'm on a DROID RAZR it should not lag. Stupid reward crap sucks balls shouldn't have to deal with ads on a paid game
Ads in the paid version? Dubious permissions and 3Rd party advertising partnerships? Stop being evil and you'll get this customer back.
F you Halfbrick Studio's!!!
Rubbish game gets really boring after a bit
When you do update to permissions, all has to be explained in the Description and in What's new section.  You still have not explained permissions to the game in the Description box.
Force fed adverts on a paid game. Taking the p**s!
Another privacy invading and data grabbing app now well done
Now has ads and also online doesn't work.
New permissions suddenly want access to far too much. What gives? A simple video game like this doesn't require 1/2 of these permissions. Jerks.
I have used other phones for this and i am upset that it keeps freezing on DROID RAZR. Maybe they should update this app better.
I paid for this have and now it wants my phone # and to track my location? Obviously malware from an untrustworthy company..i want a refund immediately
Very bad,lots of ads.removed my scores.gameplay  accelerates when i touch the screen
Newest update requires location and phone number info... why?  Uninstalling...
Pop-up Advertisements? In a PAID game?  Very poor form.  Otherwise a good game.
Sucks! Doesn't respond to my touch. Can't even start the game. I tend to have a lot of problems with my android phone and I'm going to get an iphone.
Needless permissions and intrusive ads. I want my money back!
Wtf.. Constantly pausing the game for advertising.. Ads should be in the free version of the app, not the paid..
I updated and it removed all of my bonuses I got. I played till I got them back and then it said to update it again and it removed all my bonuses. I paid for this game and now it had ads I can't play the multiplayer and I keep losing all of my bonuses.
I was very excited and happy about this update and it turned out it delivered good as well. But whats with the ads?? That stupid vouchers that pop all the time in front of my game !! At least there should be the option to disable them if i dont want them !! Please please please add this function !
ABSOLUTELY needs an option to turn off the voucher thing. I've had to find an old version to get rid of that crap. We paid for this, remember? Needs more in depth explanation of permissions too. I don't see why you should need our phone numbers and phone id.
too invasive. this is a game right? most other games i installed have no or 1, maybe 2 minor permissions!
Soooo much fun! If you're a brutal masochist, try playing the iOS or THD version to experience more features & surprisingly slower physics. Great!
No thank you! Apple is starting to refuse to accept apps on their market that track a users unique phone ID. I hope Google will start to do the same. Uninstalled.
No need for these added permissions.  Will uninstall until permissions have changed.
No thanks
Why do u need to see who is calling me?
To invasive you don't need access to my calls. Uninstall.
1 year for update? Invasive permissions! I regret I payed in the first time. Go to AppStore Halfbrick iLover like to overpay for apps, we don't!!!
No.
Not updating.  Ads on a paid app? We are more aware than iPhone users so fix it.
Way back in updates. Uninstalled
Horrible permissions
I'm super disappointed in Half Brick for selling their customers out with this egregious, unacceptable "update". Thinly-veiled ads added to a paid product? Privacy-shattering permissions? No thanks.
I agree with ZA-man. please explain why you needed those invasive permissions, and what you did with private data?
Doesn't work, always say connection error
Those so-called "rewards" are just advertising.  I paid for this game,  please get rid of it!
The new updates are just terrible. While I'm glad they removed the camera request, the in game spamming stinks
Fruit Ninja is a great game, but this new "Beintoo" borderline scam added to the app is an insult to everyone who has paid for the game. Essentially, playing Fruit Ninja causes you to earn points, which in turn gives you "Beintoo dollars" and coupons you can use in the real world. The thing is, all these coupons and play money you "earn" don't actually pay for anything that isn't already freely available through your web browser. It is literally nothing but a collection of web advertisements.  This is worse than free. You're actually paying virtual money to click links to ads - ads I could already access via my web browser without paying silly virtual money to do so - and Halfbrick calls these "rewards." What? Come on Halfbrick, we bought your game because we like the game, and bundling this trash with the paid version is just extremely disrespectful.
Online is horrible
What good is it to know my location?
What is with the permissions!!! DODGEY!!!!
A paid for app and with this latest update they want to intro ridiculous permissions and ADVERTS back in! Are they insane?! Watch out for anything else they develop.
Why do you need my phone number and coarse location? Uninstalled, sorry i actually paid for this.
No need to have the read phone state and coarse location. Removing it until you fix it, even though I paid for it.
Why the invasive permissions? One star for all apps with bad permission requests.  Google need to crack down on this.  Devs should at least have to give a description as to why each permission is needed.
It won't download
Why the hell is the so called rewards when its clearly and add. And for a paid game thats rediculous and should not be on here either get rid of it or refund my 69p so i can download the free version
Why does a game need this amount of permissions. Not updating.
I love this game but the newest update adds unnecessary invasive permissions which is unacceptable considering this is a paid up. Didn't update, uninstalled, want a refund.
Uninstalled due to strange permissions addition in last update. Why does a game need your location data? I don't even let Google have that.....
The game needs none of the of these incredibly invasive permissions. Uninstalled because of them.
Whoa, those Beintoo popups fu**ing suck. Get them out.
The new update locked some of my stuff back up and removed my progresses on others.very sloppy
Permissions got too intrusive, so no update for me. Better fix this half brick! I'm pretty sure you don't need access to my contact list.
I bought this app, and have loved it. Unlike some, I don't mind the extra permissions for multi-player, but I absolutely draw the line at the new pop-up "rewards" that are just ads, in a PAID app.  Update removed unnecessary permissions, but I'm still "earning" ads. Give me a way to turn off "Rewards".
Worked well on my Galaxy Nexus but is extremely laggy at times on my Motorola Razrr. Should not be an issue at all.  FN Puss in Boots does not lag on same device...
to many permissions to even think about updating. Developers may want to stay rethinking their permissions on applications.  wanting that much info will stay to people away.
Not upgrading because I don't wish to share my contact details. Shame because it's a lovely game.
Great game but one star until permissions are fixed
I'm sorry (no I'm not) but you have absolutely no business with my private details like contacts, gps and camera
... Until the permissions required have been reduced to sensible settings.
Contacts, phone identity and camera. Recipe for trouble.
Not a fan of anyone reading my contact data... it's the reasoni don't attach my fb acct to these apps. I won't be updating.
Ridiculous permissions for a game - uninstall
Why the sudden increase in permissions needed? I paid for this app and now you want to make more off of me by collecting and selling my contact data?! Super sad to see this. Disappointed.
Permissions too intrusive. Uninstalling
Why the extreme permissions? I paid for this app and now I can't update without forking over private data? Sweet...
But with the new permissions it's getting uninstalled. No tolerance for unnecessary stupidity.
Too many permissions required
Yeah I never read the terms I just read u guys comments and was like dam hells no
Yeah I never read the terms I just read u guys comments and was like dam hells no
Only a fool would install this until the developer explicitly states why such a simple game requires the insane level of permissions this app is asking for.
Lame.
Ridiculous permissions for a paid game.   Why do they need your phone number, serial number, location, contact data, and access to the camera to take photos of you?   Uninstalled until either a clear explanation is forthcoming or an updated version is released without the spyware.
The game is fine, albeit not as smooth as the IOS version. However the new and _unexplained_ permissions required by the pomegranate update are definitely _not_ fine for a paid app.
Permissions
But why all those extra permissions.. I understand the Wi-Fi, perhaps coarse location for matching opponents. But the rest needs clarification.
You include a permission that you're working on removing? You're either crappy developers or intentionally trying to fool customers. Fix immediately!
Ridiculous permissions for a paid app.
Worst update ever!  Do Not Update!!!  No game I pay money for should be able to access my location, contacts, and my kids' pictures,!?!?!  Update is HUGE, and Does Not Work, freezes all the time,  3 or 4 times per game, online game doesn't work, pomegranate is OK, but they seemed to lower the other bonuses to keep the scores the same.   Bad in every way!!!
Requires to much... What a shame, explanation for permissions is far to vague.
Very Addictive and fun! Dollar well spent! 23-03 update: why does a paid app need these ridiculous permissions?
There's no need to access my phone state and location especially from a payed app. When do developers realize that we don't want to give them these privacy invading permissions. Wanting to access my contact data is borderline spyware. Won't update until offensive permissions are removed.
Updates are neglected. Freezes upon game start.
I'm uninstalling even though I pad for it. 41mb download and permission to access my camera, calls and contact data? WTF?
The new permissions are not necessary.
new permissions approximately equivalent to rape. Will never re-download, even if you change them. That is ridiculous. F*&% you.
Why does a game require so much permission , derated due it.
Whar the… with new premissions thing? Really not cool. At least you could provide explanations what they are used for.
Too intrusive  No trust
New permissions not cool
Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you for the update.
Uninstall. If I wanted draconian terms of use (in this case, carte blanche permissions) dictated to me, I'd be on an iPhone platform where users just trust the corporation to decide how best to protect or exploit me. Get with it, Halfbrick!
I'd explain but I think the guy(s) below did a good job.  This is ridiculous.
Not a chance in hell with those permissions unexplained and the SIZE! Screw that.
Red my contacts? Take pictures and videos? View my location? Sure! Do you want a list of all the people with whom I've had sex with while you're at it?
So they come back after almost a year and update this paid version with a few unexplained fishy permissions. Yeah, I think I'll stick to the old version.
No way are you reading my contact data.
Not updating. Unnecessary permissions. Way to much privacy invasion!!!
Permissions are not necessary or explain why needed
No way I'm updating those permissions
No need for the current permissions
Just jumping on the bandwagon with the whole permissions thing. But really, you guys gotta make an effort to explain or remove.
You seriously added that many new permissions without giving an explanation?! Are you people new to the market or something??? Give me a break. I definitely will NOT be updating until these multiple new permissions are explained.
Way too many permissions with the latest update.
If I could get a refund I would. Too many permissions for a game. I won't be updating.
Won't upgrade with the new permissions. The version I have works fine. I would never expect this from a paid app
This is a fantastic game
Camera permissions, really?
Crazy!
Take my photo? and the rest? Dreaming...
Going to come to my home and rape my children next?  You're asking for far too much with your permissions.
Why does this need my location and personal info? And I paid for this? Under handed dirty pool
Why does this need my location and personal info? And I paid for this? Under handed dirty pool
Track my calls and who i'm calling? Take pics with my camera w/o my explicit consent or knowledge, and send them to your server any time you please? HELL no. Uninstalling
Yup the permissions
Insane new permissions with no explanation whatsoever!
Not updating
Permissions too invasive.
Everyone has said it already but these new permission settings for a casual phone game are unreal
If it's free, I accept that I am the product.  However when I pay for it, I expect that I am buying my privacy.  Uninstalled, 1 star.
Why would a fruit game need to take pictures?! Nope. Not quite updating yet.
It took a ridiculous amount of time for Halfbricck to update this game, and now they're asking for invasive, unexplained permissions.
The new permissions are absolutely ridiculous and are definitely not needed. Fix it.
I will not update because I do not give you PERMISSION to access my files for no reason!
What is up with new permissions???
Nope. You do not have my permission to check my underwear. 1 star. Fix it.
Nope. You do not have my permission to check my underwear. 1 star. Fix it.
are asking for access to permissions that are not needed and violates privacy.
Freaken update deleted my f***ing progress!
New permission to take photo?  Wont play tis game anymore.
1 star rating until invasive permissions are changed. Game uninstalled.
What is the rule on refunds. I do not want a game with the new permission level.
Very suspicious... Will wait to update this.
Way too creepy. Why do you need all this info? You are not Facebook.  Uninstalling.
why do you need to know  location. make calls. collect contact list. etc.etc.etc. Very  suspicious.
why do you need to know  location. make calls. collect contact list. etc.etc.etc. Very  suspicious.
Agree with all the new comments about permissions. Lets all give it one star!! :)
No reason to have all those.
New permissions are way too invasive!!
There's no need for them.
Like everyone else is saying, what's up with the changes?
The permissions are ridiculous. Not updating.
No need for a game to have that much control...if Google and its partners and developers keep this up I might have to switch devices
Game is 5 star, but TOO MANY PERMISSIONS.  I paid for this app and I don't don't think that it should gradually take over my identity (location, camera, contacts,etc.). I  don't need it to network with other players.
The update with new permissions is ridiculous. Won't update with that crap in there. I even paid for the app!
The update with new permissions is ridiculous. Won't update with that crap in there. I even paid for the app!
Love this app, but don't understand invasive permissions won't update until fixed why does this game need my location? Contacts etc?
F off
Uninstalled due to privacy settings and it wanting access to my contacts and a whole host of too much information. Honestly, quite invasive
wtf another example of developers taking the p##$ with our PERSONAL data for no reason whatsoever. If the app was free, ok, but paid?...
Will not update on my Epic Touch 4g. I tried uninstalling and reinstalling, please fix as soon as possible.
Keeps freezing on my DROID RAZR :( plz fix. Cuz i do luv this game.
I can live with my data erased but those permissions are insane
I enjoyed this game, but the permissions are now way too broad to update. I'll a stick with the old version or uninstall.
Crapware? In my PAID app? I think not.
It's so slow on my android
No thanks.
No reason to know any personal info.  Nobody should update this app.  Huge invasion of privacy
These permissions are crazy. I don't want anyone spying on me thanks!
These permissions are crazy. I don't want anyone spying on me thanks!
Uninstalling a paid app. You don't need all of those permissions. Won't be buying from your studio ever again because I might get bait-and-switched just like this.
Uninstalled due to permissions. Explain to me why Fruit Ninja needs to know my phone number and who I am calling and I'll consider reinstalling.
Was good before the new update. Now it constantly freezes every couple of seconds. Uninstalling because the freezes are so bad. DROID RAZR maxx
No way will I let this take pictures and video and access all of my contacts. Devs what are you playing at??
If you want to access to this much of my personal information you need to explicitly say to what use you want them and not only rely on the description provided. It is good that the update is manual though as this is not information that I judge you need to know for me to use this application that I payed for. I will not be updating it no matter what new gameplay you add to this game as long as those permissions are not removed! Frankly if I could ask for a refund (no matter how little I payed) I would
I'll need an explanation on the permission changes to the app. Phone data and camera data should not be needed.
Not a chance of updating with those permissions.
Not a chance of updating with those permissions.
Not a chance of updating with those permissions.
Explain what the permissions ate for. I'm not updating until I get a clarification.
You want to take our picture?!
Remove the extra permissions. Uninstalled!
Wth is with all these permissions.its retarded.its just a game and yet they want to know everything about you
Way too many permissions. Goodbye.
Why does a game need permissions that would invade my privacy?  I would give NO stars if I could.
No reason for the new invasive permissions.  Uninstalled :(
Will not be updating because of what appear to be invasive permissions... may now uninstall.  Can the dev at least explain why they are required?
What the ....?
Why all the extra permissions? Might as well give my phone to a fraudster!!!
What a joke this new update is with all the new permissions to spy on its clients. I didnt pay and signup to be spied on. Goodbye fruit ninja.
What a joke this new update is with all the new permissions to spy on its clients. I didnt pay and signup to be spied on. Goodbye fruit ninja.
Not updating thanks to your new permissions. Bye bye fruit ninja
WTF! With needing all that data?! Uninstalling.
Hell Dont UPDATE People! They Are Super Invading Our Privacy!
Too many permissions. Uninstalling
It is a bad idea to overstep on permission requests these days. Users are becoming more aware of the issue. Please remove contact and location permissions that were added in the latest update.
Just uninstalled this game for clearly overreaching on permissions. I like to see so many other users becoming security aware and concerned about their private data.
Multiplayer mode does not justify the introduction of these unnecessary and intrusive permissions. Uninstalling.
New permissions like that for a game? Seriously?
Don't want permissions like these.
I enjoy this game, but these new permissions are unacceptable. I will NOT be updating, and will uninstall completely if this isn't fixed soon.
Suddenly intrusive permissions. Uninstalling.
Never buying from you again. You don't respect your customers. New permission requests make this spyware. I bought the non-free copy to protect my privacy.
What's up with all the new permissions? Totally uncalled for and total invasion of privacy!
New permissions are a no-go.  Deleted
Don't want strangers rummaging through my phone.
Fruit slicing doesn't need to see me or know where I am.
This latest update has erased all of my scores and unlocked items.
Explain IN DETAIL, why are this new permissions really necessary for us to play the game!!!!!!
Why all these permissions are required for the updated version? Kindly justify.
Reads your phone number, IMEI number and contacts after the last update.
Permissions.
Stupid new permissions what game needs all that information to slice fruits
Explain permissions please. Until then 1 star and not updating.
Why so many permission changes?
Too many permissions for a game. Uninstalled!
Uninstalling until permissions changed to not require access to my contacts.
Not updating due to the need for so many permissions.
won't upgrade...
Update erased all data, scores, achievements, everything.
I updated because I use Droidwall anyway. However, I see no reason for those permissions. Why do you want to access my contacts? I prefer to add 2-3 friends by hand, instead of letting a random app access ALL my contacts list. Also, for Heather: I don't use Facebook for the same reasons. Google+ FTW :-)
New permissions are a joke. Get real. Not updating.
way too many invasive permissions.  removed until new version is out w/o these permissions
Not updating!
Not updating until the removal of the new permissions
All of this new permissions are sucks. is it new sopa pipa and acta crap not updating just uninstaling
Game play is ultra choppy on the incredible s after update. Game is now unplayable. Thanks
Will not be updating until these very invasive and unneeded permissions are gone.
There's no reason this game needs to read my contact data.
There's no reason this game needs to read my contact data.
You can keep the pomegranate.
What's with all these permissions?
Why cutting fruits needs personal data?
There is no need for fruit ninja to request phone, contact and location data. Atrocious practice to sell customer information to advertisers after purchase.
Fruit Ninja: now accesing your confidentially one network confirmed contact at a time. Compromise your friends, its MP compatible now!
Permission = uninstall
Great game, but no way im updating with these new permissions.
Why do you need contacts, personal information, location etc etc????
Added loads of insane permissions for no reason at all. Very disappointed, especially considering the fact that this isn't a free application.
Really disappointed I payed for this before, with all these scamming permissions /: please remove them.
Took them long enough, but it's finally here! Now how about high resolution graphics and effects for high end phones?
Sorry, but this game doesn't need this many permissions... Too bad, I really liked fruit ninja...
Dear Halfbrick, I don't want these new multiplayer features if it requires me to give up my privacy... but I do want the graphical updates and any bug fixes. Release an "enhanced privacy" version for those of us who don't want to give the app all these permissions. Looks like there's quite a few of us.
contacts for multiplayer, I guess, but why the camera? too scared to update.
Too many permission
after this update, Fruit Ninja was very slow and my touch was crashing on Defy MB525  :/
Explain permissions, please!
Halfbrick studios, I will not give you my house keys-- the only permission that you haven't asked for.  Uninstalled.
To everyone freaking out about the new update; if you use Facebook on your phone you're sharing the same info. It's the future. We live in public.
This is a silly game, not a complex app that needs to know my contacts or see my photos.
This is a silly game, not a complex app that needs to know my contacts or see my photos.
Permissions is a problem .... Not installing update
Too many permisions, uninstall
Fix permissions now or give me my money back!!!
Permissions?
Trying to take our information from us, after we pay for the apps, you can go suck my C=====3
Very buggy on GSM Galaxy Nexus. When launching I got a black screen until i hit back. Quit does not work.
Not updating with these permissions
Permissions need to be explained!
Why do you need to read my contacts? Uninstalling
No, thank you
I love the game. But with those permissions requriment the game gotta go
One star cuz I loved the game and had it beat but now that I updated all of that is gone, all my backgrounds, all my swords, etc. NOT IMPRESSED!
Uninstalling.  Too bad for you.
Why are more and more apps requesting permissions they just do not need??
Why are more and more apps requesting permissions they just do not need??
Why are more and more apps requesting permissions they just do not need??
what's going on with the permissions??  are you guys crazy?  this app now needs your location and personal identity  f this scammers!
Come on you can't be serious? Contact info and location? I didn't even want multiplayer. Not updating.
Wtf
My contacts, my camera, 41megabytes. This is a game, and not some fancy 3d one at that. If this is a joke its not a very good one. This game is getting uninstalled.
What's with all the new permissions required? To slice some fruit you need to take pictures, know where I am and read my contacts. No thanks!
Why does a game need all these permissions? No update for me!
You don't need that much access to my personal data, I've already got one big brother, no need for another.
why the new permissions???  fix it.
Permissions go too far not updating I could give a crap if it's for multiplayer still too much nosey nun their business areas they don't belong
This game should not have access to the camera. Not updating.
Location, Camera, Contacts...the list goes on.. You ever think people are going to play your game with such permissions??  o.O Sort yourselves out. Uninstall till then!
Until you change permissions, so will I
Why do you need access to my contacts and my camera? That is insane.
Disappointed!
What does it need these new permissions for? Uninstalling
Why?
Hell no you aren't reading my contact data. Baleeted.
Finally an update after over a year, But please no one install it unless you want half brick monitor your location and read all your contact data.
Lotta bugs after updated
Lotta bugs after updated
Need to take photos? Read contacts? No change log for any of it?
Why would I allow a game to read all my contact data?
Hmm cancelled the update after reading the other comments regarding new permissions... fix it and I will re-think my rating...
Hmm cancelled the update after reading the other comments regarding new permissions... fix it and I will re-think my rating...
Was 5 stars but w all of the new permissions it wants, no way! Why do you need to have full access to my camera and phone calls?
It asks got too many permissions!
Uninstalling
Not going to update with your invasive permissions after I bought the game. Ridiculous.
Im sorry but you dont need my contact info, location and control of my camera. not updating  with those requests
Just updated and lost everything I unlocked. As an added bonus, the game is incredibly laggy after the update. Basically, the update made it unplayable on Nexus S.
Why do you guys need to know my contacts while I slice fruits?
Paid for the game and love it but have serious reserves about 2 aspects of the permissions. Why the need to access the camera and know location? Neither are relevant for P2P functionality.
Not going to update with those permission requests
Permissions much? How dumb do you think your users are?
What's all the new permissions needed for?
Ridiculous permissions
There's no need for this app to read my contact data. Uninstalling. Unhappy.
What's up with all these permissions ..?
A whole bunch of new invasive permissions.
Asking for permission to use the camera for a non camera app! Location? Ha! Maybe if I hadn't paid for it.
Games dont need all these permissions.
Why would you need these to let me play a game???
Flag this app for spam type permissions and they will have to take then off
after update i lost all my unlocked items. backgrounds,swords
Permissions is really strange
Too many permissions!
Access my location and contacts, NO. If I wanted to use the online features then I would approve, but I don't want those features. U should instead release a version that includes those items and permissions separately!!!
...u don't need to see my contacts. Goodbye.
The permissions.
Why do you need to see my contacts!?!
Where is our update? Lowered my previous rating because halfbrick has chosen to abandon it's customers.
Been waiting over a year for this update while iphone has gotten it several times...
Got an galaxy ace?then works very perfectly.iam the orginal my review look for my name mani.do it buy the best
I purchaced this app & the Fruit Ninja Free app has updates & WAY more features! Explain that please!!! Fix!!
They wont update to the same version as on iphone... Worthless...
Update now plz
I paid for an old version!? The iPhone is up to 1.7 and this is sitting at 1.5!
Update plz
Why dont you update it
In the arcade mode its not randomized anymore. Play it a couple of times and you will notice that it's the same routine throws
So I pay for it and you still put crap on my phone? Jerks!
This is pathetic...
The paid version isn't updated and the free is? Ripoff!!!
Thought there would be better choices and more blades for the paid version but nope waste of my dollar and change...
No update in over an year!!! Money gone down the drain... Upgraded from iOS to Android and no fruit ninja. Terrible service
over a year since the last update...
They haven't renew for a year for the paid version.
They haven't renew for a year for the paid version.
Looks and plays nothing like the I phone version....hate it
Looks and plays nothing like the I phone version....hate it
Gayest game I've found on the Market so far.
wtf halfbrick..  please update game is laggy on dhd... i supported you so update plz
Don't buy. Just play the demo it has more up to date compared to the full version.
Used to love this, now just frustrated at no updates. Ever.
On newer phones and tablets it lags alot
Game does not play on ICS 4.0.2. GNex.
Crashes on Android 4.0.3
Abandoned :(
Paid for the full versiom because i expected it to have more options than the free version, but for some Stupid reason it has less. DO NOT BUY THIS THE FREE VERSION IS BETTER.	DO NOT BUY THIS THE FREE VERSION IS BETTER.
This game was great till I bought the android version, and now they don't update it... EVER. Updates would be really nice, at least more than one every year.
I wish I could put 0 stars!! I paid for this app and it has less then the free one!! Wtf a waste of money!! No one should get this version stick with the free one!! Needs an update bad!!
Where are the pomegranates??? Update this app please.
Plz update
Need to update!
Why iphone gets update but droids not
An update is seriously needed for DROID. The frenzies are sad excuses for frenzies and it's very laggy. I would advise everyone with droids not to buy this app until there is a big new update.
Amazon app stores fruit ninja has been updated a few days ago when is the android market update coming its been over a year
!
Its kind of funny how the free version has more features than the full version..... the full version desperately needs an update....
No final fruit, rare falls, slight sucks control. How comee
Please update for Droids! This is great game but it pauses so much and there is no pomegranate :(
seriously the comment below me makes no freakin sense. what an a-hole.
This app can send sms, as well as read SMS inbox and contacts. But hey if you like that sort of thing knock your self out
Fix Frenzy!
Last update is released for 1 year :(
Last update is released for 1 year :(
No updates...
Get plenty of FPS, but there is a giant delay responding to touch input.
Needs update asap!!!!
Why hasn't this app been updated? The iOS version has many features that this one doesn't have. I paid for this app on both my iPad and my Android device and it's really sad to see that Halfbrick is letting this version lag so far behind. It's a great game but to be honest I'm bored with it, we need some fresh content too!
Doesn't have many  features
update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update...
The android version of this game is terrible, the touch sensitivity is terrible, it doesn't register half the time I swipe my finger across the screen, and the graphics are terrible. Apples version is better.
U must hate android, huh...
Super laggy on Motorola Razr! Screen froze sometime for few seconds at times
the free version is better but u news more achievements to easy to beat...sucky version of whay paid entails
It's been over a year now come on even the free version has features that's just sad:(
I feel cheated paid money and the free version was better. This doesnt even have the cool features of the other version. You have ripped us off and stolen our money.
My iPhone version is up to date and has way better features. I am disappointed that even the free version was better.
Even the free version is more updated then this... And the one available on Nokia Ovi Store for free is much advanced then this 1... Sad!!!
Okay this is just bad. My friend has the iphone version and its very fun. But I spent money on this app and it has less fetures than the free version.
The developers havent updated the app for over a year now. They are shameless
Update halfd!ck
This game is a joke. It has half of the content the free one has. It does not have the pomegranate feature that  apple devices do, and it isnt hd! Bullsh** waist of money DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!
DON'T BUY!!! It's outdated.. Poor graphics.. I am disgusted by the game..  STOP BUYING THIS GAME!!!  It seems like the developers don't care about the buyers opinions..  STOP FINANCING THEM!!!  I had this game on my iphone and it was way better.. Android version sucks.. DON'T BUY THIS!!!
Need update wtf?????
Badly needs an update! Do not buy!
Nothing new
No update? Feel like my money was taken from me. My iPhone version gets all the new features
bought it thinking would have the same content as the iphone version but it is not! seems my money worth less than a person who use iphone, no? not to mention the laggy graphics even compared to the free version on android market! until new content and bug fix available, 1 star.
THE FREE ONE IS ALSO THE SAME ND THERE IS NO DIFFERENCE IN THE FREE ONE ND ALSO NO UPDATES - WASTE OF MONEY  PLZ UPDATE
I payed for this and now its free. And Update this to HD and ill be happy
Spectacular
The free version has more stuff, and iOS has much more.
Update like now!!!!
Can we get an update please? What the hell its been like a year now!!! I rate 1 star cause this game is neglected!
Grainy graphics and laggy on evo.
Ill give it 5 stars when we get the pamagranit thing .-.
Never purchasing a game from halfbrick again. Never updates
This game used to be good, but recently its been laggy as hell. Running on the sensation xe so its not like my device lacks power... Regardless I shall be uninstalling, hopefully a fix can be found
And link my free fruit ninja stats to this one.
Extremely fun
Go fcuk themselves....
This one hasn't been updated in a year and isn't worth the money. I like to support developers but they seriously need to fix the disparity between the paid and free versions.   Obviously they don't care to support the Android platform, which is their prerogative. But I will avoid paying for any future Android releases from them.
The free.virsion has more plus this isnt hd  wtf????? Please update this
I bought this so i can have it in my android....well i guess the cracked UNPAID version of this in iphone is much better...AND BY THE WAY, CRACKED ONES ARE WAY WAY WAY better than this one....its even d same as the full version ones on ipad.
Why is the paid version worse than the free? Most of the content is missing :(
One day I shall check my apps, add this will have been updated. And I shall pass out.
The free version has more unlockables than this! Get it sorted!
What on earth has happened? It was updated sooo long ago and it's been unplayable since due to lag..uninstalling
wtf, iphones get so many more features. Even their free app. Why doesn't Droid have the pomegranite?!
If I could rate it 0 stars I would. The FREE version is more up-to-date than the paid for version wtf?????
Using the free version which is 3x better. (besides the ads) Because paid version is unusable presently on ICS.  How 'bout an update already?
Never update game for android
The iPhone version has the superfruit where you slice as many times as you can...this version does not. Paid $1.20 for the same thing you get free. IPhone version includes online games...this one does not....rip off
It's low resolution even for the Nexus S. Update this, already.
Do not buy this game, I bought this one to escape the ads not realizing that I paid for a game with less features than the free one. That's really stupid.
Its been a year and no updates have come on the android. the iphone has new things to unlock and new features. 1 start until update. Update now!
Why does the free version have more unlocks than the paid?
Why does the iPhone get the big fruit to slice in arcade and at the end of Zen mode but the Android doesn't and wut is different between the free version and the paid one NOTHING you guys need to do something
Don't pay for this s**t... exactly like the free version.
This version lags WAY behind the iPhone one -- no pomegranates, for starters. You're better off trying to grab the free Chinese version, which is at version 1.7. The same as the iPhone. No idea why paying users don't get the update.
They be to be better!!!!
This game is so laggy, slow, and is not fun anymore. I used to love this game and play it all the time but now I can't play it cause of the massive lag. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone in its current state.
No updates or multiplayer
Will rate 5 stars if the app is updated to HD
Its been about a year since last update, I hardly ever play it because I've unlocked everything within the first day or so. BORING.
We can see the developer lacks focus on the Android platform. Why are Android customers who paid for the game be shortchanged? Disappointing, as Halfbrick used to be one of the few devs who put out quality products on Android.
I'll switch my review to 5 stars if you would please just update this already!
update please…
What kind of a company is this?
Shuts down soon after starting. Needs updated badly
Horrible now that I have a Droid Razr. Unacceptable. Top Droid on the market should run like a breeze.
needs an update
Some time it dont work but most of time the work does but a very good game
Top notch, at least it used to be. Not been updated in a year, not keeping up with iPhone version :-(
Please update the paid version. It doesn't make sense that the free version and iOS versions have way more  features than this version.
Paid version is behind free version on features. Needs update.
How are they catering to the ppl too cheap to let $2 go on something other than McDonalds. We paid for this app and we have less features and less updates than the free version
PLEASE UPDATE TO SAME VERSION AS IPHONE!!!  NEED ONLINE PLAY AND POMEGRANATES!!!	PLEASE UPDATE TO SAME VERSION AS IPHONE!!!  NEED ONLINE PLAY AND POMEGRANATES!!!
When I play on my iPad it's a completely different game. Please update
Updates please
Wth the free version has more blades and backgrounds than the paid version!! Needs updating badly.
All one star ratings but still a overall 4 1/2 stars?? conspiracy??? O.O
We paid for it and still no updates , and still the iphone got better version .
No update since Feb 2011, it's turning Feb 2012. The Android version has been forgotten.
Yeah wicked game. Could do with more updates!!!!! HTC sensation...
So we pay, and developer forgets about updating this version, it's bs do not buy this crap
plz do update halfbrick
Update, please...
update please!
It's been 11 months since the last update.
Haven't had any update for a long time
Get the free version! It has more unlockables. The only difference with the full version is the lack of advertisements. The "full" version actually has less content
No update since 2010
Terrible. No where near as great as it is on iPhone. Way to leave android users, who actually paid for this game, in the dust.
Paid for the full version, haven't received the same upgrades as the free so no new blades or backgrounds
Not worth buying on droid compared to iPhone version, it lags, an is like a year behind in updates if it is even being updated..
This is no different then the free version. Rip off!! Needs update!
Free version is exactly the same... atleast with the iphone you get the fruit store etc. Im dissapointed halfbrick, update.
Not the same as the apple version especially the arcade at the end is missing the pink fruit that gives extra points....I can have my $1.26 back until its right...probably should have read the reviews first....but I assumed it was the same as apple one.....
The lack of updates for paying customers is somewhat offensive.
The free version is more up to date
The free version is more up to date
Poor support, free version fares better...
Seriously... The free version has way more to offer...
For those of you considering purchasing this version, do yourselves a favor and just grab the free version. It is much more updated than this one, and has many new blades, backgrounds, and new stuff this paid version does not. Aside from the ads, it's the full complete version. Plus, it's been almost a year since this has been updated (Feb 1st), so this is all but abandonware now.
Please update the game with more level or stuff to unlock like the iphone and ipad.overall great game/app.
Free version is more up to date, and pales compared to iPhone version. Fix please.
i hate how the android version (1.5.4) is much inferior then the iPhone version (1.7.4). MORE SUPPORT FOR ANDROID !!!
Why has this gone so long without an update? Looks awful on my galaxy nexus now, and is behind the iOS version for features.
Please don't do this to us.
Update this app please. I dunno why you guys neglect us android users.
the free version has even more stuff than this which is pretty sad
Game won't play on Epic 4G....the free version works...good thing I got it for $.10
no HD graphics, no updates, less features, waste of money.
Needs update!
...no updates. Everywhere you look for fruit ninja on android, people say get the free version (which has more features) for lack of updates. Half brick, you're just losing money for no reason.
Update! Updates Free version gets more improvements/updates. Paid version needs updates too! Great game.
HD fruit ninja??
Thing sucks on galaxy nexus, its way to choppy
My phone continually locks up while I play this app. Could be my phone, but it doesn't do it on any other app.
Only half the swords and background than the free version. Why get less with paid version. stick to the free.
Don't buy it never updates
There isn't any facebook or Twitter icon after game.  How can I get the achievement?????? And I can't get the perfectionist achievement even I restarted twenty times!!!! I have played five games since 2:30am but cant get night shift achievement.  So bad apps that I have wasted my money. So disappointed that apple get so much update but none here in android!!
There has been no updates in forever the game is laggy and graphics are poor f u half brick
Wow the iphone version is way better ... Was that on purpose?Our version is so cheap compared to iphone who has pomegranate and all of these other cool features. IM disappointed.
Best game on Android market.
No updates
No option for negative stars.. seriously needs an update. Even the puss in boots version is out!
One year & no update... Wtf.. I wrote the company & got no response. Is this how you treat paying customers? Where's our updates? Free version should NOT have more!!!! Guess they're too busy trying to make money on their big arcade versions to care about the people who "PAY" and help put food on their plates.
It is unacceptable that the free version has more options than the paid one. Great game, terrible service.
I played this game on the iPhone, and that's what made me want to get it on my Android. I am EXTREMELY disappointed! This version on Android has no vs mode, has no dragon fruit at the end of the level, has HALF the blades/backgrounds, and the worst part is that IT COSTS MORE!
Suddenlu not working
Please update. Im getting to the point where I am just going to uninstall the game because it just isn't fun anymore. It could be great if you came out with updates.
Please update. Im getting to the point where I am just going to uninstall the game because it just isn't fun anymore. It could be great if you came out with updates.
But now it won't load, ICS.
Sucks compared to iOS version
I know if you guys actually payed attention to the comments we made, you would update this version and not put out another paid version of the game (Puss in Boots) as a band aid. Fix it for more stars.
Update please!!!
Where are the "frequent updates" they said we would get?
the same as the free version. So why did I pay for this? Plus all my friends with iPhones rave about their updates but we get nothing? Why does every developer look after iPhone users first?
Needs to be updated badly.
I have the game for months and no updates. You people suck.
Why is it that Apple gets an update and we are left hanging. You give me an update, I'll give you a few more stars!
Sucks... Compared to the iversion this is waay below average...give us something good and start with the updates lazys..
Extremely slow and laggy on my Galaxy S
Needs support for high resolution devices. Multiplayer (Even if Wi-Fi only). Blades and backgrounds which other versions have, and of course the pomegranate.
Update please
there's more available on the free version..cant believe I paid for this..update it please!
no updates!!
Sluggish. Free app is much better
NO UPDATES.. FREE VERZION IS BETTER.. READY TO UNINSTALL.. WASTE OF MONEY!
Needs to be updated to the same level as iOS version UPDATE please! Please Update! UPDATE! UPDATE! Stop treating android users as second class citizens over iOS users! We bought this app! Give us the update!
I paid thinking I would get the same version as iphone.  Please update!
Laggy during gameplay, no updates
Update!
Agree that updates to this app are loooong overdue
iOS version has had more features. If I'm paying for a product, I expect support!
No update for a year is bullshit
Maybe my kids, kids will have the updated version.. To bad ill be dead by then..
Free one looks better on gs 2 then this.... You need to update.or people will uninstall!
UPDATE! When you pay for an app you expect it to be better than the free version... or am I wrong?
Bought it over the sale in December. Already had free version. Less to unlock on "full" version. Favorite blade is gone. Never even minded the ads in the first place. What a waste of ten cents.
Come on. It's 2012.
Purchased once; wouldn't download, $ refunded.  Free version (with ads) loaded fine.  Tried to purchase again, wouldn't download again, $ not refunded
Need update that will give out new features like one iOS
Looks bad playing on sensation compared to iphone, hasn't been upgraded to match ios version which came out 8+ months ago. Forgetting about half ur market for ur biggest app seems like a pretty terrible way to do business for halfbrick. Disappointing.
An overhyped, unpolished mess on android. Don't install, soooo many better games out there.
The free version seems to have more than the free version love the game but don't pay for it until they fix this outdated version. Stick with free version
Only one star due to lack of android updates especially considering the number of iOS updates! Can't believe i paid for an app with no developer support.
Doesn't run properly on my Xperia play, stutters and freezes during game play? Y? I loved this game on my HTC hero.
Why is the Android version SOOO much worse than the iPhone app?!?!? I paid for this thinking the free version was the reason for the difference
I have played this game on my old iTouch 2nd Generation for countless hours. I got my first smartphone and then got this game to only realize that it is not as good as the apple's counterpart. My wife has iPhone4 and when we play side by side, it is evident that Android's version contains less features. This is not acceptable. I'm not going to lie, it is still fun and does not effect the core game experience. However, lack of content is what makes me give 2 instead of 5 stars that it deserves.
I bought this expecting it to be as good as the ipod version but its not. The bonuses are not near as good. Please fix...DROID
Plz Update !?!?
Every time I try to use this game on wifi with my Samsung galaxy nexus the screen loops with open feint loading....fix this problem with them please!
Usual second class treatment for Android users. Iphone obsessed developer.  No update since the noah was building Ark.
Cmon!! Terrible graphics and therefore waste of money!!! Please fix the graphics because they look terrible. Images dont look sharp. Fix and youve earned my 5*! BTW im on a tmobile Galaxy S2
still a joke compared to ios version..shame
I have seen version 1.73 for Android its coming :)
Can't handle cutting more than a single fruit at a time or it freezes/lags, needs qHD support, less content/updates than free app - Droid RAZR
Very unresponsive. Definitaly needs fixing to even be playable. DROID 2
What the f***!? The free version is updated more than this paid version. Why pay when the free version gets updated and this version doesn't?
It lags and not as good as the free version. I only paid 10cents for it tho. The blade hardly swipes the fruit. Not playing till fixed
Why the frick are we so behind on the updates? Hasn't updated even a single time since I bought this game over a year ago.
Umm iPhone has version 1.7.4 already. Why does Android only have version 1.5.4? UPDATE!
Why the h-bomb isn't this updated! I wasted a dollar paying for something that was better free. I hate you, fruit ninja.
Update
Poor graphics, lags once more than it plays normal on my htc. The iphone is 2updates ahead from us. I'd say this is cap comparing to iphone.
Motorola defy it stops using the touch screen and doesn't slice. Please fix otherwise I want a refund
This app never gets updated no point on buying if its always out of date
The apple version just got an update
Like others have said, the free version is more up to date, there's no point in buying it
The free version is much better than the paid version. News update
HTC RAIDER not displaying in full resolution, no dragon fruit like iPhone when finish a round...so Fruit slice it is until Halfbrick decides to put up some updates. What's the hold up?
Lags on mytouch4g
No point in paying for this when the FREE version has many more features. Its a massive scam and should not be allowed to be sold on Market!
The touch input stops working everynow and then on HTC desire hd, completely fine outside of fruit ninja fix this now
Needs update big time!!
Update!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
iOS looks and plays better. We need an update ASAP!
Y ain't the android version as frequently updated as the istore version? This is unfair preference
Very Disappointed The sound is messed up on my X2. And it is so out of date. 100 times better on my iPhone. Fix it and I can start playing again
Looks terrible on a 4.6 inch screen
Use to be good, update needed for graphics and iOS style, looks terrible on galaxy nexus
Rubbish compared to the iPhone version, especially because of the reduced sensitivity.
Constant freezing on both HTC EVO 3D and Samsung epic 4G
I will not give this game 5 stars until they update this like the ios.
I play against my GF all the time but she has an iPhone. She always beats me becuz she has the pomegranate. Update please! Help me win
Would you update this already!? Please!?
Too much stuttering.
Sorry, halfbrick, that you think Android users don't deserve an update.  Missing half of the features that i*hones have.
Frenzy is messed up in arcade. WHERE IS THE POMEGRANETE UPDATE IN ARCADE MODE THAT IPHONES HAVE?!?!?!?!
Low resolution on Android 4.0. Problem solved placing anyDensity to true in Manifest. Update needed.
Really bad on my Galaxy Note. Can barely slice multiple fruits. Touch sensitivity/responsiveness is way off. It's so much better on my iphone 3gs.
Will change rating to 5 stars when it has all the features in the iPhone version
Locks up when trying to open Feint.
Horrible lag on sgs2 makes this completely unplayable. Shame as its great on iphone. No android updates... halfbrick should be ashamed of themselves.
Terrible compared to iphone. Does nt include the big parmagranete aswell as half the blades and backgrounds.
The game is great but it can have better graphics like the XBOX Kinect version and replace the icon with a HD icon without the OpenFeint logo on it.
I'm outraged by the fact that the free version has more content and a higher version number than the paid game.Well sure, it  was 10 cents but come on
I can`t download it, it give internall error and then force closed. WTF? I want my app, make it to download properly!
Boring as possible. 2 min and I got fed up with it. I don't see the fun in this game. Thank god I only paid 10 cents.
Took 2 minutes to get boring.
Great game, well worth the Pennies. The graphics should be a bit sharper on the galaxy s2.
What is it with these low rey textures? Fruit slice has higher resolution textures than this paid game!
What is it with these low rey textures? Fruit slice has higher resolution textures than this paid game!
Update please, iPhone app quality is way better than Android. Please fix that UPDATE UPDATE UPDATE Now there is high resolution Android phone
Not a fan all you do is slide fruit. The rewards are basic, there's absolutely no growth to this game. Glad I only paid 10c or I'd be upset.
Horrible app. Error whenever logon, "Feint couldn't initialize and always asked would you like to send a crash report and wait for recovery? "
This version is largely outdated. Update to change my rating.
The free version has received updates and features that this version hasn't. Thanks for ripping us.
To pay for something that will lock your phone after a couple minutes is pretty bad.
Best to get free one, don't waste your $$$$ like I did....Android second rate to these guys!!
Free version has more stuff, why is there no update for paid version
Pleaze fox bad pixelization on tmo gs2.refunded
After emaiing half-brick about the lack of updates they replied eventually saying that an update was coming very soon, the truth or a lie I don't know
Son la peor empresa que conozco despues de ea games. Faltaria que saquen una actualizacion y quieran cobrarla. Nunca mas halfbrick para mi telefono.
"Upgraded"to the paid version only to get less content than the free version. What is wrong with that picture halfbrick?
Choppy and therefore not fun!
Needs an Update please
Halfbrick do the courtesy of refunding your supporters that purchased Ninja Fruit over the years if you're only going to update the free version!
Addictive, but bizzarely, the free apparently has more content.
Seems like these guys got in over their heads trying to build this game for android and x-box. Seriously sucks on both. Maybe Halfbrick means halfass
Dont buy this, fun game but no where near as much content as the free version, didn't realise until it was too late to get a refund, very disapointed
this game is fun but really no update!?!?!?! This is BS girlfriends iPhone version is way better. Even the free version is better. UPDATE!!!!!
Perfect quality on htc rezound.
Perfect quality on htc rezound.
Needs megga updating. No where near the I phone version, no multiplayer either..... Rip off.
Unplayable on Razor with 2.3.5
Serious lag issues on Galaxy S2! Free version played smoothly. Paid for full version and can't play because of the lag!!!!!!
Please fuckin update this game
Please fuckin update this game
<3
When it works, it  plays properly for long stretches. But when it freezes, it refuses to unfreeze and won't start  working again for days at a time.
needs update badly, shame on you Halfbrick.
App needs to be updated. Don't buy till they do.
I paid for this awhile ago, and you won't update. The FREE VERSION is updated more than this is. You suck.
Its worse than the free got less blades no pomagranit when will u guys make a update
Its worse than the free got less blades no pomagranit when will u guys make a update
Its worse than the free got less blades no pomagranit when will u guys make a update
This is a good game...but the graphics were much better on my GS2 than on the Skyrocket. Plus the iPod version is far better than Android.
Still no update? Lol
Its okay but its different from the iphone. And everytime I start playing it it gives me the same level.  android you dont get the pomagrante at end.
The free version has more than the paid version, you really need to add the stuff that the free version has.
Still a good game, but why the lack of love for us with Android? My girlfriends ipod has much more content!
Rely rely slow on HTC. Not happy .
It needs an update to remove the lags and bugs, but also the new version thats on the iphone
sucks! no updates!
Great game. Not so great developing studio. U shouldnt have released the game for android if u had no plans to update and support it. Bad biz practice
the dollar for this game is a jip.  Updates lack the free version and the free version is spammed with ads.  iOS (ipods/phones) are leaps ahead
Doesn't work after update to gingerbread Crashes at 100% rate. No updates either.. Given up and wasted money. No more halfbrick for me ...
Update this app!!!!
NO LAST FRUIT TO HIT LIKE MAD LIKE ON IPHONE MAKE THIS LIKE IPHONE THIS ONE SUCKS BAD
Needs better graphics for htc sensation, crap stretching doesn't cut it. Needs an update also.
Needs better graphics for htc sensation, crap stretching doesn't cut it. Needs an update also.
This game has always been awesome
Why no update? Why do you hate us? Why just take our money. We want the game we thought we bought. Not half of it. DO NOT BUY. FREE VER. BETTER!!!!!!
Laggy, crappy knock off version of fruit ninja. un-installed
update waiting for 3 months! title says everything
Were is the update!?!?!
This game was once amazing, but the developer refuses to port the true version over from iPhone. This is ridiculous.
One of the best apps but sometimes the detection is off. Hope this is an easy fix
I think the free one is better!! Why can it be up to par with the iPhones fruit ninja. They don't even have the last huge fruit that u can keep slicin
either fix this app or give me my money back. good job sliming android by putting this substandard port of a popular iPhone app on the market. evo4g.
Why did you guys stop updating this version, I don't want an annoying ad filled free version.
If I could, i'd rate 0*. So much potential but has fallen so far short. The ipod version is amazing and even the unpaid version is better than this!
Why is it that we pay for this and can not get the updated version. The free version of this is a newer version of this.
Why is it that we pay for this and can not get the updated version. The free version of this is a newer version of this.
Fun and addicting, add more backgrounds for 5 stars! Even paper toss has backgrounds.
Needs updates.
Piece of shite
Lags, and needs to be updated! The version for iphone is much MUCH better!!
Great game. Would have a 5 but there are zero updates for the Android version for some odd reason
Great game. Would have a 5 but there are zero updates for the Android version for some odd reason
Still no multiplayer?? Really???
Desperately needs an update for higher end devices like the sensation, evo3d, galaxy s 2 etc. Free version is better than the paid version, really??
Needs an update...i want the pomegranate. The paid version is worse than the free...unacceptable
The game lags every time I cut more than one fruit at a time please fix  Motorola atrix
Much, much better on iOS.. Thought it would be the same game but it looks like they just stopped developing it for android. There is also slicing lag
Worst game on my phone. Can't even reasons my finger when swiping across. Horrible. Needs improvement. Way better on iPhone
The free version of this game got updated while those that paid for it are being left hanging
Does not match resoulation
I don't know why developers make the advertisement laden versions better. CUSTOMERS IGNORE THE ADS!!!
Never updates, laggy
Used to be good but now every time I run it my whole phone freezes and I have to take the battery out to get it going again
Unplayable. Touch screen lag is ridiculous. I'm talking a 3-4 second delay..
poor functionality on samsung galaxy s1, doesn't pick up swipe action correctly.
Suddenly started to lag
Something is wrong with the resolution and swiping. The touches are not registering. Severe lag.
Honestly not worth the money, game is not even enjoyable anymore, runs very slow.
4 months since I dl and still no update. Where's the pomegranate???
Tryed to play this on my droid 2 global and it was with major lagggg to the point that it was unplayable
This version is not updated but the free one is. Sometimes very laggy and touchscreen stops working on Droid X.
The sword keeps freezing but the game keeps going so all the fruit fall and you cannot slice them. Quite frustrating, but very fun when working right.
Please update!
Does not even load ! I want me freaking money back !
How is it that the free version is better than the paid version!! I never would have bought this app had I known the free would have more! Waste!
How is it that the free version is better than the paid version!! I never would have bought this app had I known the free would have more! Waste!
why so different gameplay from iphone?
Fun game, but lags a lot, freezes, and has nowhere near as many unlocks as iPhone version. Emailed developer weeks ago about update - no answer.
Where is the fuckin update. Super fuckin laggy on my unlocked Sgs2 & Droid Bionic. Give us a fuckin update assholes ;-(
What happened to you guys? It's been 6 months already.
Really bad lag wouldn't let me slice to begin the game needs to be fixed :S
Needs update
Paid for it but last update was in feb. Free version or rip offs have more content. What a way to treat paying customer supporting original dev!
needs update to be same as iphone! paid but still less content than the free version is a joke!
Update needed... and is super leggy on DROID X... a phone more than capable of running it
Update needed... and is super leggy on DROID X... a phone more than capable of running it
Laggy on Cyan 7. Please spend more than 5 days on the port, it's insulting to think that we won't notice and arent worth the time.
I paid for this and it's the same as the free one? I need it to be like the one on iphone otherwise please refund me A.S.A.P
I want my money back the paid fruit ninja is just like the free one no difference just had to pay
I want my money back the paid fruit ninja is just like the free one no difference just had to pay
I want my money back the paid fruit ninja is just like the free one no difference just had to pay
I bought this game because I played the free one on another phone. But the fruit come up so so slow I don't like this wishes I could get my money bac
I bought this game because I played the free one on another phone. But the fruit come up so so slow I don't like this wishes I could get my money bac
I bought this game because I played the free one on another phone. But the fruit come up so so slow I don't like this wishes I could get my money bac
Great game but why does the paid version have less content then the free version come on halfbrick update for your paying customers
UPDATE FOR GODS SAKE!
Lol why is the free version better?
Terrible app with no hd rez and horribly outdated compared to iOS!!!
Please update it is not good that lite is better then full game
I loved this game when I played it for the first today. Really lovely game!
Update App doesn't work on bionic
SUCKS. It doesn't have as much as the iPod touch and iPhone app.
You people better update this fast. I can't play this sheit since it force closes. Like if Asians can't play or something.
You people better update this fast. I can't play this sheit since it force closes. Like if Asians can't play or something.
You people better update this fast. I can't play this sheit since it force closes. Like if Asians can't play or something.
Thought this game was great til I played the free and iPhone versions. Now I feel ripped off.
This is soo far behind their iphone version, update this trash!
This is soo far behind their iphone version, update this trash!
This is soo far behind their iphone version, update this trash!
I, like everyone else, am a little upset that I paid for the app when all my friends have free version and a lot more options and features than I do.
I, like everyone else, am a little upset that I paid for the app when all my friends have free version and a lot more options and features than I do.
Can't even slice. Not even worth one star
How can the paid version have less content than the free version? Update the paid version!
Very slow. Iphone version is way faster.
The game used top be perfect. But now is slow and laggy. Is awful. Really hard to play
Update it feel ripped off the free version has way more
It can be really laggy when you get a combo. Update for 5 stars!
Keeps lagging crazy
Doesn't register my types. Inspire 4g
Doesn't register my types. Inspire 4g
When I bought this last year it worked great and I loved it. Now it's so laggy that it's unplayable. Dropped rating from 5 to 2. (HTC Legend)
When I bought this last year it worked great and I loved it. Now it's so laggy that it's unplayable. Dropped rating from 5 to 2. (HTC Legend)
Needs an update for Samsung Galaxy SII . iPhones GOT THERE UPDATE AND UNTIL THEN I WILL GIVE YOU BAD REVIEWS!! I PAID FOR THIS FOR F*** SAKE!
The company doesnt listen or awnser the users about the update diference, so i am going to give half brick a bad review, they deserve it
Update please Free version has more unlocks than the paid one needs updated in a bad way
Why keep us in the dark?
Why keep us in the dark?
This is getting ridiculous. The free version offers more and the full version is outdated. We deserve the same as IOS.
Update the app. Why does ios get preference over android?
Love it. I got Fruit Pirate for multislice and powerups. And this for the original badassness.
Doesnt even work frooze n now wont let me on at all rip off spes cos u gotta pay for it
More stuff before I paid for it. Kind of backwards.
One star until we get update to include all features available on free version and iOS
This app needs an update its outdated!!!!!!
UPDATE!!! And why exactly does the free version have more, does that just make sense to you guys?
UPDATE!!! And why exactly does the free version have more, does that just make sense to you guys?
WTF FREE VERSION HAS MORE FEATURES
Needs update...WARNING: free version has more features and unlocks...dont waste your money.
very laggy, doesn't compare to the iOS version, UPDATE URGENT!! 1 Star til lag problem fixed!!! samsung galaxy s2.
This game is great and all, but i'm starting to regret buying this due to lack of updates to the paid version. Skimping on customers is a BAD idea.
I don't understand how the free version has more blades to unlock then the paid version...
It is slows and Kathy sometimes on my Xperia Play and I totally would want the pomegranate or the large fruit, needs an update
Game worked great but now it freezes and doesn't reconize swipes of the blade.
Game worked great but now it freezes and doesn't reconize swipes of the blade.
I paid for this and I still have Feint slowing it down. Not worth the money or time.
I paid for this and I still have Feint slowing it down. Not worth the money or time.
I will rate 5 when the game doesn't lag, warning out for HTC wildfires out there, I would make an update D:<
Didn't even load! Refund! The free version works but freezes my phone w all the advertisements! Very poor!
Great and fun game but cycles the same scenarios evertime you play needs update for better ai
Why is the freeware version more up-to-date? Way to screw over your paying customers.
This is a very fun game, but as many people are saying may need an update... Needs: more blade and background choices, and pomegranate arcade ending.
Needs to be exactly like the apple version. Update to change to 5 stars
Needs to be updated like the free one. Until then only gets one star. ¦\
Update I love this game for apple
Down to one star until you update your paying customers.
Very disappointed, this is a really old version. Definitely needs an update especially since the FREE trial is a newer verDon't waste ur money on this
Good Game But The Free Version Has More Unlockable Content. Plus Zero Feedback From Developers.
Its just like the free version waste of money big difference with the I phone
Well I broke down and gave this game a try and I love it, simple yet addictive.
Has a problem where it doesn't respond to touch input, causing you to "miss"fruit you actually hit. Free version does not do this but has too many ads
Why is it so slow compared to I phone waste of money very poor indeed
The game itself is great. But it is not acceptable that the paid version is at 1.5.4, while the free one has been upgraded to 1.6.x!
It lags bad, immediate refund. Oh, and I have an Evo so I highly doubt its my phone
Please update this game, iphone and Ipod thouch people have all the current updates n we have none, will make 5 once updated! Plus glitches easily
Shadow..... I want the shadow blade! Update! Free version has it I want it on paid.
Extreme need of an update the free version has more stuff... And there is no pomergranent
Needs updates and lags when always seem to b on a great streak! Come listen to ur customers
A total waste of money - very slow to load if at all and very unresponsive - practically unplayable! Much better & more fun on iPhone.
Only half of my screen works. The left side responds only sometimes and then the right side doesn't even slice. Come on!
Far less content than iOS version, but more expensive. I am unhappy with this purchase.
Bough lagoon some of the more extreme details of the ipad couterpart. This app is still intensely addicting.
Update
Why is the free version more recently updated than the paid version? What's going on here? Money back for everyone who got ripped off by Halfbrick?
Why is the free version more recently updated than the paid version? What's going on here? Money back for everyone who got ripped off by Halfbrick?
The touch controls are very low to respond with a delay of about 1 second with each swipe. Sometimes it responds normally for 1 or 2 swipes. Terribad.
Hasn't been updated since feb. You actually get more in the free version.
I own this on my ipod touch and this andriod version is totally different lacking two player mode and other levels and functions. Dissapointed.
I own this on my ipod touch and this andriod version is totally different lacking two player mode and other levels and functions. Dissapointed.
I own this on my ipod touch and this andriod version is totally different lacking two player mode and other levels and functions. Dissapointed.
Developers really need to update this.. its pathetic we pay $1.30 for a 99 cent app and don't even get all the features iOS get
Fun game, but the free version has more stuff. This makes no sense at all.
Load of junk 77p for something which keeps freezing HTC would not even take a second look at this game deleted
Load of junk 77p for something which keeps freezing HTC would not even take a second look at this game deleted
Isnt the same as iphone app doesnt have as many unlocks and cant get acheivements as it doesnt let you upload to fb. Free app is better more unlocks
My bf has the free version on his druid x and he has more unlocks than I do! Wtf is up with that! Im very disappointed with this paid version
laggy on Dell Streak.
Update please. We want extra bonus fruit in arcade. Apple iphone gets it we want it on droid.
UPDATE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I had the free version of this game, and the free version has more content than the paid one! At least make the paid version better than the free one.
Again, too large of a gap between iPhone and android content with these guys... not that they care, already got our money
Again, too large of a gap between iPhone and android content with these guys... not that they care, already got our money
Awesome game.
Update!
Update!
Takes 2 out 3 swipes to work....horrible lag on droid x .love the ipod version, please fix this,i know droid is way better than apple
Wow! Real laggy and slow! Won't recommend.
Great game concept but the graphics could use some updating. Other than the slightly outdated graphics, it's a super fun and addicting game!
I would rate it 5 but whats the point of having this PAID version if the free version is updated and everything!?!?!?!?!>:/
Me no likey shitbrick studios
Its in SERIOUS need of an update!! Even the free version has more than the paid version has. Whats up with that?!?!
Simple concept, great execution. Very "professional" look. But it gets old fast.
4 ur supporting customers please? The iOS got new content 1/2 year ago & the free version has it. Could u at least fill us in on what's up?
4 ur supporting customers please? The iOS got new content 1/2 year ago & the free version has it. Could u at least fill us in on what's up?
4 ur supporting customers please? The iOS got new content 1/2 year ago & the free version has it. Could u at least fill us in on what's up?
I bought this game almost a year ago and I've seen 1 single update. I understand that people use the free one, but we need the updates too.
Needs update
Needs update
Paid one has less features than free one.... :[
Why is it now worse then the free version. Disgusting treatment of your paying customers DO NOT BUY
UPDATE!!!
Awesome
Awesome
Why is the peformance so choppy? The more fruit that comes into play, the worse the graphics get and slower performance. Needs some tweaking!!
By far my favorite game but something needs to be done with the lag. My friends Iphone 4 has smoother gameplay and actual updates
Agreed. 1 star for forgetting about players who contributed. No update for ages and "free" version nets you guys profit everytime I play with ads.
The game is great but no updates? This older version is lame. The free one has more unlockables. 1 Star, update u mother f...ers!
This app hasn't been updated for sooo long but the same app on I-phone has already been updated soo many times !!!what a rip off
This app hasn't been updated for sooo long but the same app on I-phone has already been updated soo many times !!!what a rip off
Waste of my money..its a great game but why did I pay for something when the free version has more ??? Updates are needed ASAP
Weve been ripped off. Hasn't been updated in months
We have payed for this app it should b updated like the free version. I have had this app for over 2 month and nothing . 1 star
Until this game has all the blades, backgrounds, and etc. of the free version, I will continue to give this app one star -atrix
After putting this game down for months I decided to pick up again. NOTHING has been updated, as the laundry list of "update plx!" comments suggests.
Unfortunatly, market states full compatibility with my wildfire with this game, so i buy and look forward to playing.. yet it doesnt work at all!! Such a disappointment!!
Update Update Update Update Update Update Update Update Update Update so we are not ripped offf!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Update Update Update Update Update Update Update Update Update Update so we are not ripped offf!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Totally awesome, but almost never gets any new updates compared to the iOS version..
Screw companies that won't update a game you PAID for, because they make more money off the free, ad supported version.
Changed 5 stars to 1 star no updates. Free version is ad infested. Why did I buy this if you won't support paid version. What a joke. DONT BUY.
Aweful lag and very unresponsive, is an awesome game if problems are fixed, please fix so i can play what i paid for
Its a good app but i paid 2 bucks not knowing that soon enough that a full free version was coming out - seriously android market what the f**k
Gave average score. Love the game but as EVERYONE says. Needs an UPDATE!! Just found out,now have a free version with more stuff!! Common ppl update.
No sign of the shadow blade.
No sign of the shadow blade.
UPDATE!!! Its getting boring n mutiplayer would be nice! Along with more unlockables!
UPDATE!!! Its getting boring n mutiplayer would be nice! Along with more unlockables!
Performance problems on dx2 /Tegra
Performance problems on dx2 /Tegra
I LOVE this game and bought it when I saw a friend play it on her iPhone. I bought it for my Android Comet and have had trouble with it from the get go. Yeah it works, but SUPER slow. The fruit comes up so slowly that it really leaves no element of surprise. It doesn't seem to read decisions to well either (choosing from the main menu can be quite a task). I was so looking forward to this game too, and it runs so slowly on this device :/
Love it. My kids love it.
Without a doubt one of the best games in the Android market. Worth the money, and keeps you hooked always wanting to beat my last highscore.
HTC wildfire why let us buy I play minute game/arcade it took me 8 minutes to play trough update would b appreciated
Why does it take so much time to update a game once its already updated on iOS? STOP DISRESPECTING THE ANDROID.
NEEDS UPDATES LIKE IOS VERSION, AND ARCADE MODE IS FIXED ALWAYS SAME, LAZY DEVS TAKING MONEY AND NOT UPDATING STUPID
Lags on HTC sensation
Terrible lag on MyTouch 3G and needs an update. Love it on ipad. Hate it on MyTouch
Terrible lag on MyTouch 3G and needs an update. Love it on ipad. Hate it on MyTouch
Terrible lag on MyTouch 3G and needs an update. Love it on ipad. Hate it on MyTouch
Cool game but not all that i i expected its nothing like the one on the apple product
Would get five stars but it refuses to work on my comet. I would like to refund,	but I will give it a chance to improve.
Not dual-core optimized. My Droid 3 has a better processor and GPU then the Droid 1 (obviously) and it lags more then it did.... fix it.
Not dual-core optimized. My Droid 3 has a better processor and GPU then the Droid 1 (obviously) and it lags more then it did.... fix it.
This is a good game however most of the time its doesnt even work because of bugs and errors I WANT A REFUND!!!!
The game downloaded fine but I keep getting a 404 error I want a refund don't download
Not updated to be in line with the iOS version - those not happy about this, email the developer
Very poor touch response, and so slow when playing Ugh... overall poor performance on MY Android device
All I have to say is lag lag and more lag. Does not work on the HTC sensation
Poor graphics and tons of lag on my DROID x2. The iOS version is way better.
Poor graphics and tons of lag on my DROID x2. The iOS version is way better.
Will give 5 star if lagg is reduced/fix slice response. -samsung transform And add more blades please. But besides that this game is awesome!
This game is really good! Took a few goes for it to actually successfully install though.
Halfbrick is a quality studio and this is a quality game. You asshats that rated it 1 star talking about an update... Seriously? Asshats all of you
Halfbrick is a quality studio and this is a quality game. You asshats that rated it 1 star talking about an update... Seriously? Asshats all of you
Halfbrick is a quality studio and this is a quality game. You asshats that rated it 1 star talking about an update... Seriously? Asshats all of you
Halfbrick is a quality studio and this is a quality game. You asshats that rated it 1 star talking about an update... Seriously? Asshats all of you
Halfbrick is a quality studio and this is a quality game. You asshats that rated it 1 star talking about an update... Seriously? Asshats all of you
Update!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
we need update same as iphone
Good game but agree with other Android users...many many more features if on iPhone. Unfair, misleading and dissapointing that they do that to Droids
I thought it would live to its iphone cousin app but its not as good. I'm disappointed
Only reason is no multiplayer! IPhone has it for months about time android did too! Had i know we are second grade consumers I'd have asked for a ref
This is a fun game BUT there are better free games in the market. Would give 5 stars if it was free.
Great game but seriously needs update to bring it up to par with the iPod version
Great game but seriously needs update to bring it up to par with the iPod version
It's had one minor update in almost a year...its just a cash cow for a greedy company that doesn't care...
Good, but not enough! The Android version lacks amounts feature that iPhone version have.
Good, but not enough! The Android version lacks amounts feature that iPhone version have.
Come on halfbrick iphone has another update and kinect but still none for andriod users. Step it up
Needs to be updated and include everything the iPhone version has... there is also a big quality difference between the two, Android being worse.
Omg its been a while since the last update!! Update then it's back to 5 stars.
Works great on the HTC Thunderbolt. Well worth the money for how addictive it is.
Works great on the HTC Thunderbolt. Well worth the money for how addictive it is.
Paid for the app. Played for a few days. I was then told that app is not licensed. I am now locked out of it
Horrible lag. Constanly freezes. Needs a update or the ratings a 1. Im glad theres finally arcade mode though.
Great way to pass the time, fun and addicting. Samsung epic 4g, android 2.2.1, ec05
VERY lagging on HTC desire 2.2 so much its unplayable. Great game but needs updates
Fun game. Very addictive. A bit laggy on X10. Please update for iPhone version blades and backgrounds!
Wonderful addictive game, but three of the achievements won't unlock. It won't let me get the Night Shift, Perfectionist, and Connected Ninja.
Wonderful addictive game, but three of the achievements won't unlock. It won't let me get the Night Shift, Perfectionist, and Connected Ninja.
Wonderful addictive game, but three of the achievements won't unlock. It won't let me get the Night Shift, Perfectionist, and Connected Ninja.
playing on ios: amazing playing on android: what were they thinking
playing on ios: amazing playing on android: what were they thinking
Feels like a emulated version of the iphone. Sluggish and graphic res is poor. Won't buy any other apps from this developer till they fix this app.
I have hadthis game since january and there hasn't been an update the developers obviously don't care about droid users
Will get full stars when the app is as up to date as the ipod version
It would be much appreciated if the developers haven't abandoned their game and actually update it for once!
It would be much appreciated if the developers haven't abandoned their game and actually update it for once!
Does not works on wildfire. Simply wasted the money. Was not able to proceed to the first screen also. Lame.
Loved the game on iPhone. Laggy on Ideos X5. An update is needed. 2 stars for the moment
Made other apps on my HTC EVO shift wigg out. Had to uninstall. Couldnt use camera or navigation.
Paid for it but it didnt download or install, ask for refund but didnt get it. RUBBISH !!!
Great update but am I the only person that has all the text in the game blocked out. Please fix I can't even read my own scores. HTC hero 200.
It might be some bug of ported android, but I've not seen something like this before, slides are lagging couple of seconds and are inaccurate. Also graphics looks like resized, not native 800 x 480.
Wont download on my htc evo ... its good but I bought it and it would be at 99% and then start over
Wont download on my htc evo ... its good but I bought it and it would be at 99% and then start over
Running lag free on CM7 for ZTE Blade after being unplayable on froyo. Blade users get Cyanogen!
Feint not working, still kind of glitches every now and then, overall still good game.
Amazing game.. too addictive.. would give it 5 *'s but very slow compared to on the i phone.. please fixxx. Android
An amazing game that everyone should have, best game app I ever had and I don't think any other can top this game
Sucks hard on cm7 company does not update, development seems dropped. Probebly because they know they suck.
Had 5 stars now 3 wheres the updates? Forget iphone they have enough dont forget us droids!
i was charged an additional 2$ for this app. what gives? also, laggy on xperia
i was charged an additional 2$ for this app. what gives? also, laggy on xperia
This game is the perfect game to kill time. Its fun, addicting and just all around good game. Works perfect on my HTC Evo
Can't be hard to update Android version to match the iPhone. Seems like the developer is holding contents back from non-iPhone users on purpose.
Worst game I've ever bought, swipes are slow and inaccurate. The free fruit slice is better! Galaxy s
Worst game I've ever bought, swipes are slow and inaccurate. The free fruit slice is better! Galaxy s
Fun app but iPhone has a multiplayer mode for friends what's up with the android users version, I would like to think we could keep up with them ?
Fun app but iPhone has a multiplayer mode for friends what's up with the android users version, I would like to think we could keep up with them ?
Buyers beware! This does not run on lower processor spec android phones like my HTC Wildfire. 1 star award as seller should have stated this upfront
I think this is an excellent game, very smooth and I like how u can swich backrounds and blades.
Awesome game but needs iPhone update on the Droid. Lags too much to play now
This is the worst game I've played . It constantly freezes . Played it on the iPhone and it was brilliant, was better off buying a kit kat for the cas
Loved it on the iPhone, had to get it on the Android. But graphics suck and is extremely laggy. Update please.
Doesnt recognize everytime I try to swipe. Used to work great. - Glacier 2.3.4 CM
Doesnt recognize everytime I try to swipe. Used to work great. - Glacier 2.3.4 CM
Doesnt recognize everytime I try to swipe. Used to work great. - Glacier 2.3.4 CM
Doesnt recognize everytime I try to swipe. Used to work great. - Glacier 2.3.4 CM
This is horrible, played it on iPhone n liked it. Downloaded this on my thunderbolt, so laggy not even playable
Excited at first because I love the iphone version. This is so incredibly laggy and unresponsive that it's unplayable. Refund
Excited at first because I love the iphone version. This is so incredibly laggy and unresponsive that it's unplayable. Refund
Great game!May I suggest you add more game modes for replayability?Such as one with levels where you have to get a certain amount of points to progres
Slow and unresponsive on my x10i and now that angry birds is on android I'm embarrassed I bought this...
Blast to play. Half the time however when you hit frenzy it doesn't throw out tons of fruit.
Love this game. I play it on my ipad and just had to get it for my phone!
This narrative makes no sense...what are you, a ninja game or a fruit game?! You clearly don't know what you are 'we all know ninja's hate fruit'...
Hella laggy on droid x, no update in days! Where's multi player/other features that are on iphones??
Hella laggy on droid x, no update in days! Where's multi player/other features that are on iphones??
Hella laggy on droid x, no update in days! Where's multi player/other features that are on iphones??
You all really suck! Why is it so hard to update android and give us what we want?! Apple isn't all that!
It's not like iPhone. Don't understand why the same developer group develops the same app different in iPhone and android. Please make it multiplayer
Runs fine on my HTC incredible. Wish you could turn off feint though like you can in other games, would fix a lot of the speed problems in comments.
Runs fine on my HTC incredible. Wish you could turn off feint though like you can in other games, would fix a lot of the speed problems in comments.
Great casual game, but i think that we need updates, at least the ios ones ...
Fix it for HTC wildfire ! Not working properly ! It lags A LOT !
Won't even install ! Actually I didn't purchase it in the first place and will not refund! fml
Great game enjoy it just as much as the iphone app on htc inspire 4g but some people can't be pleased!
Seriously guys... this game looks like dog stuff compared to the i-phone. I have a motorola droid that should play this game just fine and it doesn't. Before you charge people for your crappy release of your game fix it first through a demo or at least verify that it is fun to play on certain phones. Very disappointed and will be getting a refund. Issues: The resolution blows, the sword has lag and makes me hit bombs non-stop, sound is delayed ....on and on. PLEASE FIX THE GAME FOR THE REST OF US!!!!!
Played on iPhone and loved it, the android version is so laggy you can't play properly...
You can't play this game. Don't waste your money. Way better on the itouch. What a rip off.
Installed the game, took 20 minutes. Tried to play it and it goes to a blank screen. So cant play the game and cant get my money back.
THis app is too slow, I would swipe to cut the fruit and the swipe was delayed so I would miss the fruit entirely.
THis app is too slow, I would swipe to cut the fruit and the swipe was delayed so I would miss the fruit entirely.
Amazing how these idiots complain about instability in a custom beta ROM. If you don't like it go back to stock. Don't blame the app devs. Evo CM7.
Fun game with great graphics, but took 3 tries to accept payment and download, and has less content than the iPhone version which is disappointing.
Fun game with great graphics, but took 3 tries to accept payment and download, and has less content than the iPhone version which is disappointing.
Fun game with great graphics, but took 3 tries to accept payment and download, and has less content than the iPhone version which is disappointing.
Fun game with great graphics, but took 3 tries to accept payment and download, and has less content than the iPhone version which is disappointing.
Great game, horrible devs! Never updates with new stuff! The iwhatevers got new blades and multiplayer a year ago! Not fair!SAMSUNG VIBRANT 2.2 STOCK!
"This is as simple as games get, your a ninja and theres fruit, and ef fruit. being all smug on pies and trees lol", i puts angry birds to shame
My grandkids drive me crazy when they come to visit as they always want to play this game.
My grandkids drive me crazy when they come to visit as they always want to play this game.
My grandkids drive me crazy when they come to visit as they always want to play this game.
Awesome and addictive game. Plays incredibly smooth with beautiful graphics. Definite download. HTC Thunderbolt.
Awesome and addictive game. Plays incredibly smooth with beautiful graphics. Definite download. HTC Thunderbolt.
If it wasn't for the feint crap this would be a better game. No I don't want to create an account! wtf!? Seems like the graphics lost their fidelity.
Don't bother paying for this, so slow there is no point in even playing it at all, if u want to get upset buy it. Sucks!
Great game! Graphics are good on mytouch 3g slide but it takes up a lot of space. :(
Great game! Graphics are good on mytouch 3g slide but it takes up a lot of space. :(
I have a droid x. Sometimes the game lags, but I love this game. I just wish there were as many blades and backgrounds to unlock like on the iPhone
Simple game, but high scores and unlocks make me come back for more all the time, not to mention the different modes. Just up the resolution!
I love it on iPad, but it's unresponsive on Nexus One. Cut comes way too late to be fun. Unfortunately I had to ask for refund :(
Extreme amount of lagging. Impossible to play. Hope next update will sort this. HTC desire Z
Extreme amount of lagging. Impossible to play. Hope next update will sort this. HTC desire Z
Would not install on the LG Optimus, at least I got my dollar twenty back. Lol. The valentines one is free and fun
Would not install on the LG Optimus, at least I got my dollar twenty back. Lol. The valentines one is free and fun
Doesn't allow you to create an account and play with others like iphone does but still a fun game.
Fun and addictive, and my 3yo loves it. Wish it had a perpetual mode for him, though, in addition to the 90-sec Zen mode.
Fun and addictive, and my 3yo loves it. Wish it had a perpetual mode for him, though, in addition to the 90-sec Zen mode.
Fun and addictive, and my 3yo loves it. Wish it had a perpetual mode for him, though, in addition to the 90-sec Zen mode.
It wont download for me and it said i bought it. 5* wen i can finish download
Lags badly on a ZTE Blade / Orange San Francisco. Almost unplayable early on. Dissapointed. They should have an option to reduce quality to help speed.
Won't let me download and it looks like I'm not the only one this has happened to money down the drain
Before i didnt have problem but lately after last update it started to not reconize touch input so i have to force the stop the app all the time. I paid for this app and sucks not working well.
Before i didnt have problem but lately after last update it started to not reconize touch input so i have to force the stop the app all the time. I paid for this app and sucks not working well.
Before i didnt have problem but lately after last update it started to not reconize touch input so i have to force the stop the app all the time. I paid for this app and sucks not working well.
I loved the game until I seen charging again for the thd version and the iphone sucks to my Evo and got a update.
I loved the game until I seen charging again for the thd version and the iphone sucks to my Evo and got a update.
You should really think about creating something like COMPATIBILITY LIST for all apps on the market!!!! It has like 1-2fps on my wildfire, which obviously makes it impossible to play! If you have a wildfire - do not buy this game.
Works good & it's fun, but too bad the iphone version seems to be the only one they care about...
Should have a setting to change video quality.. that way ppl with slower devices can play without lag
always a fun one to pass time, but why should I have to pay over 3 bucks for the THD version? seriously?
always a fun one to pass time, but why should I have to pay over 3 bucks for the THD version? seriously?
always a fun one to pass time, but why should I have to pay over 3 bucks for the THD version? seriously?
To slow to run on HTC wildfire. Not able to get refund???? Even with the new update. Should indicate what CPU is needed
It lags a bit. Can't be my CPU. I have a 1GHz Snapdragon. It also doesn't look good visually. Reduce the lag and increase the resolution
It lags a bit. Can't be my CPU. I have a 1GHz Snapdragon. It also doesn't look good visually. Reduce the lag and increase the resolution
This is a great time killer. Definately one of the best games on the market. Well worth the price.
Used to be a great game to kill time. Since last 2 updates not so much fun. Freezes and not very responsive. Next to unplayable at this point Droid 2.
Kept me busy for maybe 15 mins.
It told me I purchased it but won't install it on my evo very lame
Awesome timewaster, way too fun & addicting.luv sounds.Devours cpu &battery. Cant install to sd on Tmobile phones.
Awesome game, NO flaws or bugs, great layout, best time passer...only problem is its extremely addictive
Awesome game, NO flaws or bugs, great layout, best time passer...only problem is its extremely addictive
Rovio makes these devs look like a joke. Laggy as hell. People have been complaining for months, yet still no fix. Cool game but way to laggy.
Rovio makes these devs look like a joke. Laggy as hell. People have been complaining for months, yet still no fix. Cool game but way to laggy.
Rovio makes these devs look like a joke. Laggy as hell. People have been complaining for months, yet still no fix. Cool game but way to laggy.
Love arcade mode but ever since last update it lags really bad and freezes up mid game all the time. Please fix the lag! Love the game besides that.
Love arcade mode but ever since last update it lags really bad and freezes up mid game all the time. Please fix the lag! Love the game besides that.
Love arcade mode but ever since last update it lags really bad and freezes up mid game all the time. Please fix the lag! Love the game besides that.
I would give this 5 stars for performance and addictive gameplay, just a shame that feint doesn't work. If this is fixed then 5 stars.
I would give this 5 stars for performance and addictive gameplay, just a shame that feint doesn't work. If this is fixed then 5 stars.
I would give this 5 stars for performance and addictive gameplay, just a shame that feint doesn't work. If this is fixed then 5 stars.
I would give this 5 stars for performance and addictive gameplay, just a shame that feint doesn't work. If this is fixed then 5 stars.
No where near as good as the iPhone version.. Lags and freezes up all the time on the droid x.. Don't buy!!
No where near as good as the iPhone version.. Lags and freezes up all the time on the droid x.. Don't buy!!
No where near as good as the iPhone version.. Lags and freezes up all the time on the droid x.. Don't buy!!
No where near as good as the iPhone version.. Lags and freezes up all the time on the droid x.. Don't buy!!
Always lagging with updates compared to iOS version..
Iv just downloaded this game and as soon as i open it it shuts down and restarts and just keeps doing it :( shame because its a fun game
I would give you 5 stars but this version is different than the iPhone version. Grow some melons and make this game the same as the iPhone's game
Ok.......
Well first of all I wanted the star fruit update but no update in like well when I got this and the rewards are coupons that you can just get of the web.
Android needs to keep up with ios. Please do so!!!!!! And remove the reward ads, its stupidly annoying!
The game its good but it keeps freezing if I play with my connection off.
great game!!! but sick of the freakin ads!!!
J'aimerais beaucoup jouer avec les amis qui ont des icrottes. Pourquoi un jeu si différent entre les deux plateformes?
Seriously what the hell??? I paid for no ads. And I'm getting ads in the middle of my games. That's cheap. And lame. If I'm gonna pay and have ads, at least keep it up to date with the apple version too.
Common Halfbricj update the game keep up updated with ios. Sure its easier to make ios games but cmon give effort to help us out!
Common Halfbricj update the game keep up updated with ios. Sure its easier to make ios games but cmon give effort to help us out!
Sound cuts off during gameplay. No slicing sounds just menu music.
Get rid of Ads on paid version. When will the bomb deflector and strawberry/peaches bonus points be available??
Fantastic game but the paid version had "Beintoo rewards" (adverts) which you can't disable or opt out of. A shameless attempt to further monetize a game users have already paid for.
Ads in a paid game. Uninstalled.
I paid for this game. Ads are unacceptable. Especially as they are intrusive and hard to dismiss. Stupid.
Got a nexus 7 and it just looks cramped and squished on my screen in landscape and portrait. I have this on my iPhone and its awesome just wish it would work on my nexus 7, please fix :(
No longer works on my galaxy tab 10.1.  The app immediately force closes after I try to open it.
this USED to be a good game. the new rewards feature sucks!!!
Bit new update screwed up in everything. Fix. Now.
The "rewards" are just ads, which I paid not to see.
Rewards are useless. Fun game except when it pauses every 20 sec. Messing up high scores
Previously, the OpenFeint included was annoying but the fun gameplay made it bearable. However, with the new Beintoo rewards system the game is now downright unplayable, with laggy screens and even more useless files in the SD card. I stress that that this is in the PAID version, a version I gave money expecting a smooth, ad-free experience.  Honestly, the cheap knock-offs of this game seems more appealing, and I implore potential buyers to get those instead.
When you play the game...it's bad quality its too dang slow. You would think that it's better because it's purchased
I like this game! It is very fun, which is why I am upset that my family is getting all these awesome updates but I am not. They have it on iPod, and they have Fruit Ninja money that you can earn, and new blades and backgrounds like the Dragon Blade, and even Strawberry Bombs. I would rate it 5 stars if it had something more to do; this Fruit Ninja gets boring after a while because there is nothing more for me to earn. Why do I not get updates if it says it allows them?
When is the new update coming out??? :/
Even on my S3 there's a lag that can ruin a good bonus.  Not managed to get any online games going without error and why put ads, sorry rewards, in a game I paid for?
Ok, this game is fun to play. But it seem to be a little bit laggy with the touch inputs. When you swipe your finger, some times it doesn't recognise it which could be a lot frustrating and annoying. I thick this game need an update to fix this problem. Other than that the game is great.
Game us fun but gets boring. My biggest issue is the constant spam and by this in your face even though I bought their app.
I used to love this game then I installed the update.   Now I get ads mid game.   The company is double dipping. I paid for the full version to avoid ads. My advice is not to pay for the game and just get the free version since there are ads either way.
What the hell are these rewards popups? Take them out. NO ONE wants them.
What is the point of the paid version if there's ads anyway?
Fun
Great game! I did pay to get rid of ads, and now I get them anyway. Remove rewards, scumbags!
I'm a little upset i paid for this so i could play the muti player and EVERY TIME i go to play it, it says connection failed.... maybe work on that?!
Multiplayer doesn't work and where's my starfruit update??
I bought this to try out the online versus mode, but I tried 10+ times. Can NEVER connect. I have network connection, but it keeps telling me I got timed out while waiting or connection is lost. Waste of money when this mode doesn't work. Might as well stick to free version.
The update was nice like forever ago. Would like more unlockables with the occasional update or more frequent updates
Very fun addicting game. You'll probably waste more time then you would like to admit in to this game.  But freezes occur more then often
Great app, good time killer
The game's simplistic and repetitive but ok to waste a few minutes on. But why have they added in game ads as a reward system? Totally put me off and will be uninstalling.
Really disapointing to see ads and the free vesion is still more recently updated. SORT IT OUT!
Paid for game to play ad-free. Latest update includes ads for paid version too. I'll never purchase from these guys again.
But when I open the game it tries to open Feint...but it stops and reloads the game and is a unending cycle!! Please fix!
My high score and data was deleted from the update
The freezing 3 to 4 times during game play is a bit annoying...  Get rid of the "rewards"
Cannot play online  :-(
Fun but always freezes and why would the reward be an ad thats ridiculous and multiplayer doesnt work
The game is ok but fruit ninja needs to update the game to be like ios. I mean come on you guys just leave us out like that.
Addicting game with good graphics. Unfortunately, there is a bug which causes the display to lock up intermittently on my Motorola Droid Razr Maxx.  I hope the developers address this issue.
People pay for games becuase they dont have ads....just stupid
I love this game, BUT it's seriously uncool to put ads in the paid version! That's the whole reason I got rid of the free version!
the game became exteremly slow after the update.... lot of lag that completely ruins a delightful game
On my device I get a t second screen freeze pretty much every 2 minutes. And sometimes the Frenzy bonus banana make the fruit come out from the bottom instead of the sides of the screen.
How did you go from making it too easy to get a good score in the last update to making it too difficult to get a good score in this update?
Fix the frenzy please! A few times the during a frenzy no fruit came from the sides at all. And most of the time, only a few do. Not much of a frenzy. FIX PLEASE!
Halfbrick, you're fooling exactly no one calling ads "rewards". This game is lots of fun, but I paid for it to both support the developer and to get rid of the ads. There is no option to disable them, either, in spite of what other users are saying. This is the first and last game I'll be buying from Halfbrick.
Give me a break. What's the point of paying if you're still going to give me ads?
Great game. But after the update too many freezes that wont let u enjoy it. Also,  unnecessary adds at the end of every round... Paid apps are not supposed to have adds,  end of story.
This is a great app and then i check the rewards and its ads and im wondering well that's a waist and also when i try multiplayer i never go against people and its not my internet or phone cuz i got 3 new of the same phone and the third one has been working good and i just got brand new internet so i give it a 2 star instead of 5
I loved this game on my iPhone, but since I've upgraded to a RAZR, I get frequent 3-5 second freezes while playing this game. Haven't had that problem with anything else. Fix is needed.
Ads in a paid version? R u srs?
Fun but it freezes so often on Droid 4 it's just about unplayable.
Don't like paying for a game and getting ads forced on me.
WHY ADS IN A PAID VERSION??? Not acceptable.
While fruit ninja is normally a fantastic game - I'd currently recommend skipping it. There are now in-game ads which don't close if you select a new game and it suffers crippling lag spikes - approx one every 90 seconds. It makes a frustrating experience. Wait for the bugs to be fixed if you're going to cough up your money.
An update to fix this would be very appreciated Halfbrick. It used to be so smooth and now I got the update it is quite annoying to see laggy animations...
Is up with the pause button? I'm nowhere near it but it pauses all the time!  This sucks!!
because too. Many bombs on arcade. Mode so I'm not happy with that.
Take the ad's out of the paid version, and fix the freezing issue!!! :(
Freezes in the middle of game play!  Was great until update!  Please fix this!
Five stars because the game is fun.  Minus three stars for harvesting my data with the new permissions and trying to disguise ads as rewards.  I thought Halfbrick was a small studio that made it big. Devs that were committed to making a good game for their players. I guess not. Was it all just about money all along?  Now I have less respect for you guys than I have for Zynga... At least they admit what they're doing to their players.  P.S. Multiplayer doesn't work at all.
All of sudden it started to FC on startup :( no updates were done prior to it. HTC Sensation w/ ICS... Openfeint high scores are obviously hacked.
The free version is still better, it doesnt freeze every 2 seconds. Why did i pay you for a broken game. Idk but after a year to update, i think you need to just stick with apple and drop android, at least then you cant rip us off with worthless updates years late that dont even work.
Used to work perfectly fine and now, since the update, I haven't been able to play it at all; within a second of starting it up, I have to force close it. Very annoying.
Now it freezes constantly (not in the good way) in the middle of games!  Add that to the ads! I paid for this? Never buying again from this developer! What a mess!
Users that pay for a game shouldn't be bothered by ads. Simple as that
I'm giving the low score because of the sketchiness of this game lately. It freezes up on me nonstop during my games and I can't stand it. Fix this please!
Dont buy.
Please remove Beintoo. I didn't pay to get ads that don't even make sense (iPhone case for my Android) and slow things down.
I was really happy to finally get the new fruit and blades, but I can't even play long enough to attempt to unlock them. It freezes and force closes all the time. This needs to be fixed now! I really love this game but if I can't play it I refuse to keep it.
I paid for a really good game and i kinda got it. I have some issues though. The game lags at the begining of each game and the doesnt always register when i slice the powerup bananas in Arcade.
Game works fine and is fun to play, but adding ads in the paid version is greedy and unacceptable.
ever since the last update, the game has proven to be unenjoyably laggy it was smooth like butter before the update, now i'm embarrassed to be playing it in public makes my infuse 4G look like a crappy phone incapable of running a simple game :( please fix this
HAS ANYONE BEEN ABLE TO PLAY ONLINE??????? I PAID FOR THIS GAME CAUSE IT HAS THE MULTIPLAYER FEATURE BUT NOT ONCE HAVE I BEEN ABLE TO PLAY ONLINE
Good but seems to have a glitch HTC Desire HD...
Thanks for removing gratuitous perms! However, ads in the paid version? Uh, no thanks.
The game is great. Being interrupted by ads in a game I paid money for is infuriating. Being patronized by seeing them called "rewards" is worse. Please respect your customers' intelligence. We're not that stupid.
Performance has dropped massively on this new update. The openfeint needs to be enabled everytime I start the game now. Very annoying.
doesn't install properly. always force closes
Ever since the update, it lags so badly on my sgs 2. While the multiplayer is a good move, it's pretty useless if I can't even play properly.
Update was badly needed; but what did we get? Ads in the paid version, and multiplayer that doesn't work. Please fix this once awesome game; if I knew when I bought the game that I would eventually get ads, I would have just stuck with the free version.
In Canada, I'm getting messages saying rewards aren't available in my area AFTER I finish the challenges. Not cool.
Really halfbrick!!!
I are I paid for for no adds. Now there are ads again. Also multiplayer has worked a total of 1 time since update. Ruining a great game guys
I paid for this game. Disguising the ads as "rewards" doesn't make them acceptable.
I don't remember paying for ads
With the ads an such... :-P I'll have none of that.
Ever since the update the app will freeze sometimes 2-3 times during a 60 second game.   Droid Bionic.
Just installed update and now it won't open! Would have been 5 stars if it worked.
Sucks. Wont load on the home screen and all the backgrounds and blades I've earned are gone. But gave it four stars cuz before the update it was a great game.
High scores only happens in fluke n constant resetting.
Minus the ads
I loved this game but the update wants access to my call data and location? This after the report showing that these "free" apps use 70% of their power consumption in advertising. Uninstalled!
Multiplayer does not work. Keeps saying network connection failed. Also, reward my butt. Nice adds. Glad I paid to be able to earn adds
This is still a great minigame. It's still fun to cut fruit in half. But now there are ads. In the paid version...the one I bought to get rid of the ads.  Also, the ads take the place of Sensei's Fun Facts. Sure you can get to the fun facts, but still... Lot of nerve to put ads in the paid version with no way to stop them...
Online dont work ;/
App worked great on my Nook Color until I did the latest manual update. Now is laggy and freezes my device. I stepped back to the old version so I can keep playing it, but they need to fix the newest issues... I didn't pay for an app just to have the devs take a dump on me.
Used to run perfectly on the galaxy s infuse, now it lags from time to time. Also, why is there an ad system in a paid app? Remove that please!
It won't let me UPDATE!!!!!!!
Also add stats i want to know how many combos I've done, each fruit cut, highest combo count etc.
Used to work fine on other phones. Droid RAZR it freezes a lot. Almost useless.
Terrible update. I hate the "rewards." I paid for this so I expect no ads. I also hate how slow it is now. The one thing I like is the new blades, and background.
This should be an ads free version. Also, multi player mode does not work on galaxy nexus. The game freezes right away. Two stars for these issues.
Says connection failed whenever it trys to find me an online opponent
Spoiled by openfeint
why?
Update was needed, but why to add ridiculous ads?! I paid for game, so I expect not to be interrupted by stupid vouchers! The game freezes sometimes too... Maybe there could be option to disable vouchers, for people like me who are not interested in them...it's very annoying...I like game as such, low score is because of ads and freezing :(
The game looks gorgeous and sounds great, but it constantly freezes for 4-5 seconds seemingly at random.  I've tried and tried to make this game work (closing widgets, moving from SD card to phone and vice versa, etc.) and I've come to the conclusion that it's the lack of optimization in Fruit Ninja itself.  Perhaps it's the new (horrible, horrible) inclusion of Beintoo, or perhaps it's simply a lack of understanding how Android works.  I don't know.  All I know is what used to be a pretty good looking, fun game to play is now a gorgeous looking game that's frustrating to play.  Thanks for nothing, Halfbrick.
Only progress I had was in the last 48 hrs :|… stupid reward system is BS
Love the game, but bought the paid version to avoid the ads. I didn't read carefully I guess - paid version has ads!  Should have just stayed with the free version.
What have you done! My shadow blade and piano blade disappeared! RAGEEEEEEEEE
Too much lag barely playable. Runs smoother on iphone. Would like an update cuz I paid and now I cant get a refund.
every update nukes all my saved data. that was ok for 1.7.5 because there was so much "new" stuff. it is inexcusable for 1.7.6 a few days later!
It's great since they updated it,now it's like the iPhone verson.
Fruit Ninja is a great game, but this new "Beintoo" borderline scam added to the app is an insult to everyone who has paid for the game. Essentially, playing Fruit Ninja causes you to earn points, which in turn gives you "Beintoo dollars" and coupons you can use in the real world. The thing is, all these coupons and play money you "earn" don't actually pay for anything that isn't already freely available through your web browser. It is literally nothing but a collection of web advertisements.  This is worse than free. You're actually paying virtual money to click links to ads - ads I could already access via my web browser without paying silly virtual money to do so - and Halfbrick calls these "rewards." What? Come on Halfbrick, we bought your game because we like the game, and bundling this trash with the paid version is just extremely disrespectful.
I bought this a year ago and we JUST get an update now.... bad form  halfa** studios.
My daughter had enjoyed playing this game, but with the current permission requirements, and the use of feint which I don't want anywhere near my phone, I feel it is time to uninstall.
At least you sorted some of the permissions. As others have said, this new advertising system is lame. You have a free version for this stuff, surely?
Rewards are annoying. .Lame for a paid app
Don't see the purpose for the new permissions...removing.
It's good that you've removed some of the excessive new permissions but still a number of new permissions that may make sense for free advertising based games but not a paid game.  If you are going to add permissions you NEED to explicitly justify them on the app description and what's new, not give an obscure reference to a new, unexplained feature. Now I view you with suspicion and think at best you're trying to double dip - get paid for the app and then also advertisements. If you want to keep a good reputation, please thoroughly explain yourself, or offer refund for those of us opting out.
Advertisements as rewards? Ballsy, Halfbrick. Fix it.
What's up with all those permissions? This aint a free app
Game ran smoothly before the update. Not it lags for five seconds on my Droid Razr. Besides that fantastic update
Freezing on my SGSII.... Previous version was working better...
So you pay for a game so that you don't have to see ads. So the game decides to call the ads rewards... Right.  I really loved this game before the update and when I saw you got rewards for your fruit Ninja score I was excited because I thought I could unlock more in game swords or backgrounds but instead you earn an advertisement? In what planet is that acceptable?
Why do u need to read my contact data?
Explain what access to contacts is for, why use the camera, etc. You should be able to give a reasonable explanation.
I lost all my progress as well. Bye bye high scores, blades, and backgrounds. I used titanium backup to restore the old version after deleting this new one.
So finally got the update. Waited over a year. I have the very powerful DROID RAZR and the game constantly freezes and is unplayable.  When the fruit starts to launch at the bottom of the screen and it begins lagging. Eventually it freezes completely - EVERY TIME! This is bull...
This is the second time all my progress has been deleted. Not happy.
Wasn't the most exciting game, but adding sensitive permissions without explaining why they are needed is uninstall
Remove new permissions and will consider updating. Contacts is acceptable but others are a little excessive.
Great game one of my favorites, but the quality of graphics and resolution on Android version is just terrible. The game looks like its zoomed in and blurry, very disappointing for a paid game!
Update deleted all of my progress.
Too many permissions and force closes everytime I open it, fix please
New permissions are unacceptable! I used to like this game, but looks like it's time to uninstall.
Not bothered about the permission but since I upgraded to ics game just crash out on loading
Took them long enough, but it's finally here! Now how about high resolution graphics and effects for high end phones?
Uninstalling due to ridiculous permissions update and never downloading anything from this guy again
I play this game on my Charge and everytime I start a new game it freezes and then i have to exit the game. Hope they will fix.
My favorite android game... But the permissions are suspect? And y are we so far behind ios?
Need to take photos? Read contacts? No change log for any of it?
Requires access to too much of my phone.
Doesn't track my finger fast enough
Feels less responsive and the graphics are simply expanded compared to iPhone. Looks like a poor port
Yep I said it...
I love the game so much i paid for it and its slow as a snail
Fruit ninja is very jerky on the galaxy not and it's almost unplayable! Please fix.
Amazing game, might as well buy the free version. Where's the super fruit at the end. Not happy
It's a good game, but the people who made it have abandoned it. They are sad excuses for.developers.
Why are there more options in the free version than this one which cost me money!!! This needs to be updated!!!
They don't update on Android.  The iPhone version gets the developers full attention apparently.
Plz update it to the same as iPhone Cz on the android it kinda sucks
No final fruit, rare falls, slight sucks control. How comee
I have had this on my Casio Commando for some time, happy with it until I found out that other people have pomegranates, special fruits, more sword and backgrounds. This needs to be updated immediately!
I played this on my friends ipod touch and liked it so I got the paid version on my droid phone. Sucks for the droid. Not nearly as exciting with many special fruit. I've played for about 2 weeks now and saw my first special fruit today. 2 stars until updated....
Why exactly are there fewer blades on the paid version than there are on the ad-supported version? I miss the shadow blade I worked hard to get, the pixel blade's fun sounds, the piano blade, and the bamboo blade.   In short, why the Android hate? There are more game modes on the iOS version, in addition to all of those blades. I paid for the experience of fruit ninja, minus ads, not this featureless hack job.
Seems the updates of the game is behide the ios version.. No love for android? :L
HD support is needed.
Update like now!!!!
It's been probably more than 2 months since iPhone got the update. i wish I can go back in time and get a refund now.
It's starting to glitch when I swipe..
Update!!! Give an HD Version .
The free version has more stuff so whats the point of.paying all most two bucks for this one?
I was playing Fruit Ninja Free a lot of time, now I decided to support developers, soo I bought this and started the game, when I entered DOJO to change by blade, there were only 2 blades availible. That is not as bad as that there are not as much blades / backgrounds as in free version! I paid for NOTHING! But good game
Loved this game but clearly halfbrick doesn't like android because the lite version has more feature now and they never up date
Awesome game but way over due for an update
Wheres the hd version android always get the left over crapp from crapple
When is the update coming? Apple version is better.. Waiting for updates!!!!!!!!!
Needs an update badly. So badly.
Friend of mine can play online vs mode with her iphone when do we get this update?
Wtf is going on with the update? Also can't quit the game properly on Galaxy Nexus.
Need to update iPhone version is better
Dear Halfbrick, Please update this payed for version of fruit ninja.  The free version of fruit ninja has more blades backgrounds and achievements. I feel that since we have payed for this application we should also have these updates. I also feel it would only be fair if we had updates first plus maybe also content that the free version doesn't have since we want to pay for your applications to help your company grow so you can keep making awesome games like this and further updating it.
This used to be my fave game on ios. When i downloaded on my s2, i had sucha great time playing and thot it was a gd deal (bought it during the sale).. But now it got laggy. Have nt played in a while. :(
Looks poor on HD screens stick with the free version until they update
Mad.... How come I cant play multiplayer but my friend can
Needs an update to be on par with iOS
Doesn't pick up half my swipes. Small lag/heeding after each sliced fruit. Samsung Epic on Sprint
I can't connect to Feint, loop "loading .." I have to disconnect to the network (3G, Wifi) to play :(
Doesnt have the same fruit as the iphone app does! No pomaganate at the end of the arcade mode, means we cant get as much points! Major lag as well!
Not worth buying on droid compared to iPhone version, it lags, an is like a year behind in updates if it is even being updated..
no update
Ninja freezes on Droid razr, how about a update halfbrick.
Two stars because its a fun game. But just as almost all android apps it is well behind the iPhone versions.
It's a great game but the free version is updated more then the paid version. Stupid.
I am very disapointed the paid version is no different from the free version!! Also the iphone version has far more features!!
Update please!!! Then I'll re-rate it.
Love this game but no updates in how long?
Where are the updates? Where is my pomegranate? Whats with the graphics? Coming from iGadgets this sucks!!!!
Coming from iPhone, and I understand that fragmentation on Android devices makes things difficult. However it looks awful on my Galaxy SII LTE (aka Skyrocket). Lack of support for higher resolution and and screen size is becoming a major downfall for so many apps.
Please fix the force close issues for the Galaxy Nexus.
Are bad! I guess it was made for smaller phones, it worked fine on my other phone since it was smaller but now that I have the amaze, very bad resolutions! Please fix!
The game is normally fun but this looks ugly on the SGS 2.
It's an addictive game but hasn't had any support since February. Save your $0.99 and get the free version, it has more to unlock and is better supported sadly.
Loved it on Desire. Unplayable on my qHD Droid RAZR (too slow).
Why is the Android version SOOO much worse than the iPhone app?!?!? I paid for this thinking the free version was the reason for the difference
I have played this game on my old iTouch 2nd Generation for countless hours. I got my first smartphone and then got this game to only realize that it is not as good as the apple's counterpart. My wife has iPhone4 and when we play side by side, it is evident that Android's version contains less features. This is not acceptable. I'm not going to lie, it is still fun and does not effect the core game experience. However, lack of content is what makes me give 2 instead of 5 stars that it deserves.
I havs this game on my iphone an the quality is much better i am quite dissapointed
Especially bad when trying for large combos.  Boo!
I just bought this during the sale over December. I've since tested the free version on a Kindle Fire and it has a lot more content and unlockables than the paid version. I fail to understand why the free version on the Amazon market has more but it's irritating knowing that this one has been ignored despite being a paid-for version.
Graphics are clearly scaled up for the galaxy nexus. Recent fix does sort the warping issue. C'mon half brick... I want high def fruit ninja!!!
On galaxy s2 doesn't work at all. Missing effect sounds compared to the free one. I don't get it how can the paid application be so much worse than its lite version!?
good game but it doesn't work with the Galaxy Nexus.  Keeps crashing.
Great game, but can someone please explain to me why the free version of the game has more unlockables?
Something lost in a recent update that makes it less responsive and laggy than a couple of weeks ago. Definitely not worth the price of admission.
They really need to get a similar version as the iPhone.   Android needs the pomogranate.
Make it like the iphone for 5 stars!!!
Worthy of 5 stars... Stuck in the past...  Less functionality than the free version.  Will update review if I see fixes.
Developers need to update. Not even worth the but atm
ICS Needs an update for ics... has some glitches as it freezes when first being loaded and when trying to exit. Looks like the dev doesnt care anymore
Also it looks like crap on Galaxy Nexus. Try doing something to improve anything for once.
not working well on galaxy nexus low resolution and always show a black screen on my galaxy nexus
Update please!!!!!!
Update it already!!!! And what about jetpack joyride?? Why dont you treat the android any more?? Its much better then the iphone!!!
Just download the free one it been updated this has not for the love of god update
Sorry, halfbrick, that you think Android users don't deserve an update.  Missing half of the features that i*hones have.
One word: pomegranate.  When are we gonna see it??
Great game but the free version has more content...
Pretty boring and not as good as iphone version
FREE VERSION IS MORE UPDATED
Says I need to buy license from market....POS really?
.. Force to close most of the time and dont have the last fruit that help your points like the one on iPHONE...
Graphics look bad on a HD screen :(
Game is fun but it keeps crashing on htc Rezound.
Minor graphics glitch (message boxes) on Galaxy Nexus.
The free version had 0 lag. The paid one lags all the time on my droid3.  Nothing new in paid other then no ads, no new modes or anything, wtf...
Lags after a slice on my xyboard 8.2. Pls fix ty
Buy HD version better
How is it that the free version gets more content than the paid? Makes you wonder why we bought it in the first place.
Graphics is horrible!!!
Get fruit slice instead.... Much better game play and graphics :)
The free flversion has more features than the paid version. Stupid.
Fun. yes and fast to pass the time. But the horrible horrible lag on the moto razr makes it unappealing. I had to resist giving it a 1 star due to lag. restarted phone all other apps off and this game still lagged...  Fix lag. I fix review.
Struggling badly, not playable.
Fruit ninja relies on its popularity to do the talking. Clearly it hadn't bothered to improve the game at all. No HD graphics? That's a joke.
How about a update their hasn't been one for 6+ months
Not worth the price, the free version is more updated then this one. Guys its better you all download the free version.
Laggs horribly on my droid 3. Please update/fix and I will gladly give 5 stars. Fruit ninja is awesome!
Really, no multiplayer
This is laggy as hell on my Thunderbolt
When it works, it  plays properly for long stretches. But when it freezes, it refuses to unfreeze and won't start  working again for days at a time.
Its okay but its different from the iphone. And everytime I start playing it it gives me the same level.  android you dont get the pomagrante at end.
but would be better with the ****ing pomegranite
Please fix the freezing on the DROID2!!!!! The game used to work fine but now it freezes every time I try to play it, and I have to restart my phone
Good and quick but graphics are crap compared to iphone pleas make graphics better sgs2
Fruit ninja is an awesome game, but the free version has more updates! It's stupid! Stick to the free version
Fun game but seems to lack blades and backgrounds relative to the iphone version
Last update broke the touch registration on my nexus one, positively unplayable now. Shame cause I used to love this game.
I bought the full version after playing the free one and it is exactly the same. And iPhone has better graphics
Lags, and needs to be updated! The version for iphone is much MUCH better!!
Great game. Would have a 5 but there are zero updates for the Android version for some odd reason
The game lags every time I cut more than one fruit at a time please fix  Motorola atrix
No updates then? ABSURD!
Much, much better on iOS.. Thought it would be the same game but it looks like they just stopped developing it for android. There is also slicing lag
Fun game but doesnt run very smoothly on my droidx. Someone screen won't even detect swipe... Had this problem since beginning.
Needs to be updated! I paid for this app so update it!
4 months since I dl and still no update. Where's the pomegranate???
Where's the appreciation for paying customers?
Its a good game, but its laggy, sometimes doesn't work, and the free version is more up to date than the full version.
Amazing... I love it. Needs the update before I put 5 stars
I gave 2 stars because while I love this game, I PAID for it and the screen doesn't register my swipes. This problem has been going on for a while. When they fix this bug I will definitely change my rating to 5 stars.
Great game. But poor resolution on the HTC sensation and an update is well overdue.
UPDATE THE APP!!! Update! Very fun game but please do an update for it. There'd fewer content than the free version!
why so different gameplay from iphone?
It was the iish when I first purchased. Now there are delays in the touch mechanism and you miss fruit you've clearly hit. 2 new Droids so not phone
This version is fun but the full version is better. Why can't you buy the full version anymore? The free full versions had so many ads I deleted it.
Android games like fruit ninja are nice. They just don't get the same support that the iOS versions get.
I bought this thinking it would be better then the free version turns out the free version has more blades and their are no updates evo
The free version if you press menu you get an option for graphics fix and a ghost trail behind fruit. But u don't get that in the paid version? Why?
It can be really laggy when you get a combo. Update for 5 stars!
Too laggy!!
Please Update ASAP
Great game, but has started lagging ALOT lately...please get us an update!!!
When I bought this last year it worked great and I loved it. Now it's so laggy that it's unplayable. Dropped rating from 5 to 2. (HTC Legend)
Fun to play but severely lacks enough content especially know that iOS has a ton more crap just give to us all in 1 huge update please.
5 stars when android gets the pomagranate
5 stars when android gets the pomagranate
Game worked great but now it freezes and doesn't reconize swipes of the blade.
A great game to buy but needs to support qHD screen and my openFeint will never stop loading while entering the game... HTC EVO 3D
The game itself is great. But it is not acceptable that the paid version is at 1.5.4, while the free one has been upgraded to 1.6.x!
Shadow..... I want the shadow blade! Update! Free version has it I want it on paid.
A total waste of money - very slow to load if at all and very unresponsive - practically unplayable! Much better & more fun on iPhone.
So, game goes to android. I PAY for it. Bit buggy, but fun. Now it turns out it's FREE??? How fair is that on your customers?! Poor.
So, game goes to android. I PAY for it. Bit buggy, but fun. Now it turns out it's FREE??? How fair is that on your customers?! Poor.
Only half of my screen works. The left side responds only sometimes and then the right side doesn't even slice. Come on!
Fun game, but bought and found out that the free version has more stuff to unlock! WTF!! Why'd we pay $1.26 for something that's second rate? Fix!
I know Its such a great game but it doesn't work well on wildfire... such a shame
UNbelievably slow, which is a shame because on my friends Samsung it works perfectly but on my phone its rubbish waste of money
I played this on my friends iPod and its infinitely better. More unlocks. Bonus fruit. Better. I paid for this game expecting that. Why is it not so?
How does one post their score to faceboo or twitter??
Please fix I hope this gets optimized for Android. Its not as "crsip" as the iOS version.
Takes 2 out 3 swipes to work....horrible lag on droid x .love the ipod version, please fix this,i know droid is way better than apple
Should have all the options from the iPhone version. It is a good game, but why the heck do we have to stand less modes of game play.
Me no likey shitbrick studios
We have payed for this app it should b updated like the free version. I have had this app for over 2 month and nothing . 1 star
After putting this game down for months I decided to pick up again. NOTHING has been updated, as the laundry list of "update plx!" comments suggests.
Horrible lag! At first I thought it was my case with the protective screen built in. Wrong! Fix this please!
I used to love this game a lot...but I hate how you guys changed the graphics..so once the graphics look like the THD version, I will change my rating
Its a good app but i paid 2 bucks not knowing that soon enough that a full free version was coming out - seriously android market what the f**k
Its a good app but i paid 2 bucks not knowing that soon enough that a full free version was coming out - seriously android market what the f**k
Seriously needs updates! How can the free version have more features? What a rip off!!!!!
The iPhone and Apple have it updated and stuff a lot more stuff. Guess that's what you get for having cheap people making apps unlike actual companies
Performance problems on dx2 /Tegra
They update the iPhone version, but neglect this android release. New features are missing.
Completely addicted to this game but I just have one issue; why aren't the other blades (shadow, pixel, bamboo etc..) In the paid version?
A well put together app with very polished game play and excellent integration with open feint which has you coming back to play over & over.
game itself is fun but get same games on arcade mode everytime I start playing. Can't do versus mode our have pomegranate bonus like iphone.
Terrible lag on MyTouch 3G and needs an update. Love it on ipad. Hate it on MyTouch
Not updated to be in line with the iOS version - those not happy about this, email the developer
My friends with ipods have more features on their fruit ninja apps then we do. Also it lags. I finished classic mode with a score of 1. No joke.
But I can't rate this game any higher. I love this game on iphone, but on my EVO 3D it looks like crap and it hasn't been updated ages.
iphone version have more updates!
It's great! But please update it like the iphone version! 4* because iphone version is so much better
Awesome
On iphone it doesnt lag and has great graphics on my htc evo 4g it lags, has bad graphics. PLEASE UPDATE!!
AWESOME game on the iPhone TERRIBLE game on android Slicing is really laggy... Droid 2 Global
iphone app is smoother, with more options. graphics is not high quality. don't buy until they improve it to be like iphone.
Enabled the openfeint support and it killed my enjoyment. Everything on there is fake scores (2 billion plus). If the developer of this clearly doesnt care then Im sorry I spent my money on this.
The aspect ratio is STILL incorrect on the droid x! Everything looks squashed! Will this never be fixed?
Love this game so had to buy it. Addictive and fun as everyone else says. My only gripe is that the graphics look very low quality on my HTC Sensation and the fruit could do with being anti-aliased. Perhaps a graphic improvement option could be added for those with high-end devices.
we need update same as iphone
Good game but agree with other Android users...many many more features if on iPhone. Unfair, misleading and dissapointing that they do that to Droids
I thought it would live to its iphone cousin app but its not as good. I'm disappointed
One of the best time killers game. 3 different versions to keep you occupied for long hours .
Wtf? Low quality graphics and sometimes unresponsive controls... Nothing like ios version. 2 stars becuse at least the concept is good. Galaxy s
Good, but not enough! The Android version lacks amounts feature that iPhone version have.
more updates needed like ios and it lags a bit compared to the ios version needs to be smoother
Works great on the HTC Thunderbolt. Well worth the money for how addictive it is.
Works great on the HTC Thunderbolt. Well worth the money for how addictive it is.
Love this app, however it's disappointing when my friends with iPhones get updates weeks before I do.
Love this app, however it's disappointing when my friends with iPhones get updates weeks before I do.
Horrible lag. Constanly freezes. Needs a update or the ratings a 1. Im glad theres finally arcade mode though.
This is ridiculous, half the blades and wallpapers in the ipad version are missing, doesnt look like native resolution, everything seems stretched out
There isn't a proper version of this game for phones with 800 x 480 resolution. You get the 480 x 320 version stretched across that resolution. If you want proper 800 x 480 resolution you will need to download the THD version of the app, which only works on Nvidia Tegra devices. This is despicable. The iOS version has native support for both the standard, Retina as well as the iPad display and on Android we get only one resolution option with the better quality version restricted to Nvidia's devices.
Fun game. Very addictive. A bit laggy on X10. Please update for iPhone version blades and backgrounds!
This is one of the better games on the android market. If you are looking to download this game, pay no attention to the 1 star ratings. Theyre stupid
Only app I ever bought and its awesome! my sister has the iPad app, and we love to play duels. But she has multiplayer and more blades... Please fix!
Feels like a emulated version of the iphone. Sluggish and graphic res is poor. Won't buy any other apps from this developer till they fix this app.
Would love to be able to play it, but the game is sluggish and unresponsive on my HTC Wildfire.
Loved the game on iPhone. Laggy on Ideos X5. An update is needed. 2 stars for the moment
Does not work on droid x ... Iphone works well. But makes me doubt if it works on kinect too...
Does not work on droid x ... Iphone works well. But makes me doubt if it works on kinect too...
Does not work on droid x ... Iphone works well. But makes me doubt if it works on kinect too...
Made other apps on my HTC EVO shift wigg out. Had to uninstall. Couldnt use camera or navigation.
Made other apps on my HTC EVO shift wigg out. Had to uninstall. Couldnt use camera or navigation.
Made other apps on my HTC EVO shift wigg out. Had to uninstall. Couldnt use camera or navigation.
Fix the leaderboards, I realise it's hilarious that Asian losers think they've achieved something by hacking their score but it's just annoying.
So slow on the wildfire such a let down needs to be made faster please sort it out
Don't know if an update did it, but the frame rate makes this unplayable. Used to be good. -- Epic 4G
This game is the perfect game to kill time. Its fun, addicting and just all around good game. Works perfect on my HTC Evo
I love this game on the iphone. Why does it moveee so slow. Fixxx it pleaseeeeeee
Fun app but iPhone has a multiplayer mode for friends what's up with the android users version, I would like to think we could keep up with them ?
Fun app but iPhone has a multiplayer mode for friends what's up with the android users version, I would like to think we could keep up with them ?
Many horrible glitches during the middle of the game. The knock-off version seems to be much better, surprisingly.
Honestly the iPhone update came out months ago. You need to start paying attention to your Android users halfbrick
Lots of fun for a quick game to kill a few minutes. Works great on my samsung intercept.
Loved it on the iPhone, had to get it on the Android. But graphics suck and is extremely laggy. Update please.
Doesnt recognize everytime I try to swipe. Used to work great. - Glacier 2.3.4 CM
Doesnt recognize everytime I try to swipe. Used to work great. - Glacier 2.3.4 CM
Doesnt recognize everytime I try to swipe. Used to work great. - Glacier 2.3.4 CM
hours of fun
Had it for like two weeks, working fine.....THEN all of a sudden, it starts freezing and locking really badly slowing up my phone? HELLO, a lil help??
Touch is unresponsive. At first I thought it was my screen but no other apps or games have a problem with my touch input.
Touch is unresponsive. At first I thought it was my screen but no other apps or games have a problem with my touch input.
Everything unlocked and all feint achievements. Update it already!! 5 stars when updated
Performance on Droid Incredible is unacceptable. Extremely unresponsive, misses swipes causing you to get outs. Unplayable.
I love the game itself but on a HTC Wildfire，it just lags nonstop, you can't even exit easily because its that slow!
Seriously needs to be updated... and be up to date with iPhone..not improving star rating till they improve android version
Love the game!BUT -is it normal that I have to restart my phone after playing? It won't take calls, won't stop playing the music after exit.. Ect. ~
I bought this game cause I gas out it on my iPod touch, but theres a pesky sword lag on my Nexus S that makes it unbearable!
Great game! I unlocked all blades in 1 sec using the ninja fruit unlocker app. Desire
You can't play this game. Don't waste your money. Way better on the itouch. What a rip off.
Used to be great but since latest update it became so unresponsive its not worth playing. Galaxy S.
Memory leak. Gets choppy on stock Droid X, even crashed phone. Fix and I'll rate higher.
It worked perfect @CM6.1.1 but after upgrade to Gingerbread it just extremely not responsive. Impossible to play. Annoying. Disappointed. Please update.
Don't know if it's my phone or what. I was addicted to this game on iphone 3gs, on the HTC Thunderbolt it's almost unplayable. Please find another way to port.
Game is great but iphone users get more blades to unlock. Makes it not worth it to play anymore. Huge fail.
If it wasn't for the feint crap this would be a better game. No I don't want to create an account! wtf!? Seems like the graphics lost their fidelity.
Lags badly on a ZTE Blade / Orange San Francisco. Almost unplayable early on. Dissapointed. They should have an option to reduce quality to help speed.
Lags badly on a ZTE Blade / Orange San Francisco. Almost unplayable early on. Dissapointed. They should have an option to reduce quality to help speed.
Kept me busy for maybe 15 mins.
Since the last update scoring is way down as fruits are scattered further apart in frenzy. Half-Brick, switch it back pre-update!
Keeps saying connection failed when I try to play multiplayer. motorola electrify. Electrify/Photon
They should make it so they have tournaments but it is still fun
Multiplayer does not work it keeps sayin connection error.
This game is amazing. But PLEASE add additional features for the paid version that is very similar or alike to the Apple version. It would be AMAZING if you could plllleeeeeaaaaassssseeeeee do this <3
I love this game but is really upset because on apple items it is better, it has more things and is way more fun. PLEASE GET ON ANDROID THAT SAME VERSION ON IPHONE. ALSO TAKE OUT THAT STUPID USELESS REWARDS THING.
Multi-touch doesn't fully work (only one or two fingers, not the full for our five that other versions support).   Open feint needs to go.   Need to add the rest of the game functionality that is supposed to be here in other versions of this game (rewards and such).  Great casual game, but needs update attention.
PLEASE bring the Starfruit to this version. I was sad to discover that Starfruit was available on the ipod or iPhone for the free version but isn't available for the paid version. Please make that a helpful update for us full version gamers. Thanks in advance.
Good game but eveytime i exit i loose all my blades and backgrounds
Nice to see that the resolution and sound issues have been finally fixed and that the game isn't lacking many of the features that the iOS version has had for a while but what the hell is this new 'reward' system? Seems like a load of marketing crap and as a paid user why should we have to put up with it if we don't want it? Way to mess up a great update.....
This game needs starfruit
There's a huge lag when u get the orange frenzy banana and the blade stops working.....  On the Sony Xperia S
Paid for the no ad version but still get ads... but somehow being passed on as "rewards"
U need jetpack joy ride please.
Take away the reward bs just slows me down would be a 5
Very fun game, but ads as "rewards" in paid version and less features than iOS	Great game, super fun. However, it pops up ads as "rewards," and has less features than iOS version. I paid so I wouldn't have to see ads, why add them to paid version?
Why is it that people with iPhones and iPods get more updates than we do!? I payed for a reason not to be left behind by apple.
I love this game but with the paid version I'd rather have game rewards (extra points, bonus stuff, etc) than coupons to go buy your sponsors products! thought I was paying for no ads! That's why the 3 stars.
Still slightly behind. I'd it shouldn't take so long to make an update. I'd also like to some format changes for the One X. They add the menu button for ics which is pointless when fruit ninja has a in game menu button.
I have a Quad-core device and still its touch response in Fruit Ninja is slow. I swipe my finger and the cut only comes later, not at the same time. I'm sure it is a bug due to the lack of testing in Samsung Galaxy SIII. Please, fix it, for I have paid.
This game is awesome, for the first few months... then it gets boring. And plus, they should really take out the rewards thing, it always pops up in the middle of a game, and this game isn't free! COME ON!!! I advise anyone who wants to get fruit ninja to get the free version.
Add split screen
Good game fun to play as all games will gef redundant but whatever
I'm waiting for the new update on this game like they did for the iphone and ipad.
There are features on the iPhone version like star fruit and berry blast that should be put into the android version. Also the pop-up "deals" shouldn't appear when I paid for the game!
I love this one rather the free one, but you need to fix the issue on my xperia S it's always laging on when the game 1st starting. If you fix this i 'll give it 4.5 star
my sister and i downloaded this game together on our separate phones. she has an iPhone and i have a droid global x2. after my sister played for a while she noticed a new menu she hadnt seen before: gutsu's cart. she was able to purchase powerups and abilities with starfruit... i had played it more often than her and didnt have gutsu's cart. i want it. how do i access it? can anyone give some help?
The core game here is great. The problem is all the crap surrounding it. Rewards are just adds and have to go. The feign gaming service never loads for me so I don't even know what it does; it's just annoying. The worst thing that happens is some kind of lag every so often. It can totally ruin a magical run. This game is the best. Remove the BS so it can shine.
I paid get rid of these "reward" ads. I don't want anything else and it annoys ppl.
My boyfriend bought this game for his iPhone and has so much more stuff like starfruit and points to buy the unlockables. I went to do the same for my HTC but it was totally unfair. Only difference is the pomegranate bonus and higher quality, but I still had to re-earn all my unlockables and my points go to these useless "rewards" that are the same ads from the free version. Please fix this. Seems totally unfair that the iPhone purchased version has better bonuses.
It's ok. its a lot better on I phone, they have a fruit store instead of those dumb rewards no one wants..
Update more
I luv this game but online dosent work and wats with the adds
Was a good game, but ads are a joke. The 'new' banner when something new is unlocked is a white square on my HTC one xl. Also give us an hd version. We pay the same as apple users but get less.... What's the deal?
I am very disappointed in this app. I paid for the game and still get the ads. Get rid of the stupid ads and add starfruit. That version is awesome.
Nicely done on most recent update but ios is still winning!
Finally its updated and we get the pomegranate, but we are behind the i OS as always. And pleaseeee remove that useless rewards section.
When is the play market gonna get the upgrade that the app store already have on fruit ninja?
Get rid of the awards. I agree with the other comments, I paid for the app so I wouldn't have to deal with useless popups trying to sell me things I have no interest in. Not cool. Also, I have a droid incredible and ever since the new update the game lags like no other. Graphics are too much for it. Miss my old version of this game! Don't get the update!
Game still has serious issues. Freezes and won't close when you choose multiplayer. HTC incredible
would really really like to get the starfruit update and change it for the rewards as you and i both know their pointless
You make enough money to bug test on all Android devices instead of a VM, sort out the lag issues. Also, stop using third parties and advertising, start working on the content - your userbase deserves better.
ht this game, don't we at least deserve the latest update that apple gets?!?!? Also, do you not care what your customers feel? I mean 3 months of these posts and not once have you done anything to change the game or fix the problem?!
It was fun for a while but it runs bad on my phone Refund me please
I used to play this on my iPhone 4, and it was probably my favourite game. I was delighted to see a version for my new HTC One X, but was pretty disappointed to find that the performance is sub-par at best.  While all the features and such seem to be there, it doesn't look like full advantage is being made of newer phones' high pixel densities, and worst of all there's a very noticeably sluggishness to the movement of the fruit and the effects — it's not not as smooth as the iPhone version, which is remarkable considering the One X couldn't have more powerful hardware crammed into it even if they tried.  We're talking about a quad-core phone with a dedicated GPU and 1GB of RAM here. What's the deal?
But freezes on razr
Online mode is not working!!
Really like the game but i wish the multi player worked.
Stuck on loading feint...
Finally Android has been given the priority it deserves. Still infrequently lags, plus its not opening directly by tapping icon! Fix it please!  Great game, much improved but still a little way to go.
Downloaded the update, it was in Japanese and used skynet instead of open feint? Had to uninstal then reinstall now there's ads...
I bought the paid version for my Android 10 minutes ago. I can already see that it is a waste of time. The only changed things are: ~ No ads ~ Adds your scores together ~ "Magic" fruit ~ Online games     Despite the poor changes I still like to play it which is why I rated it 3 out of 5 stars.
Its slow on my LG optimus.
Why does fruit ninja need to read phone calls? Not updating
I want 2 year anniversary update now
What's this horseshit? Ads, in my clearly paid for, ad free, version?
I'm giving it 3 stars and im doing this because right when I bought it I had to download 19 mb and I couldn't get.	Refund so then it force.  .close since I bought it
Please take out the "Rewards" as it is completely useless. I love the game but come on, I paid for no ads. Replace them for the starfruit update. Nonetheless it's still a great game to play to kill time and whatnot.
Only 3 out of 5 because we haven't got the new update yet. What the hell halfbrick, lift your game.
Great time waster
Lot of lags after update ics
I have paid versions on both Android and iPod, i love the Starfruit feature there. Please do keep up, that's what we pay for. Another thing is, in Arcade mode, there's not much fruit coming out when you slash the Frenzy Banana.:( Please update!
Even though I can "turn off" the ads...its still not the same.  I'd like to remove the point collecting system all together so that I can see what sensei has to say.  =/
Great game overall but please fix multiplayer!!!!
iOS is getting 1.8 today. Why isn't Android getting this update?
Worked good for me
Ok halbrick, this game is really cool but...... it needs more stuff like blades and backgrounds I've unlocked them all so the game is useless now. But I don't see why everybody is complaining that there is adds. I'm not seeing anything
The game is great fun, but the ads are a major distraction, and they really shouldn't be in an app that costs money. Also, the game keeps freezing while I'm playing, which messes up my game. I'm playing on a brand new Droid Razr, so this also shouldn't be happening. Would get five stars if not for these two major problems.
cant seem to find area where I tell the game I don't want rewards and I dont want to go on the internet because the option is soo close to the slicing...please help  I liked the original game...all of the interruptions are annoying...that is why I paid for a license...peace and quiet...
Free version is a little better
Uuuhhhmmmm...ok
The game freeze alot and I paid for it also the ads do bug me... and there needs to be more games added and new blades to unlock... other then that I love this game
Love this game; it has wonderful achievements, graphics, and sound. But why did I pay for a game to get ads? Please, please get rid of ads!
Just a few hours after downloading this app, I could no longer open it from the shortcut on my phone. I can only open it from the play store. That is very annoying. Please fix this problem.
Great game, but keeps freezing up for afew seconds at a time
Multiplayer no workie. Great update, ads not that bad, it literaly a coupon. It take 1 back button click. I was tempted to get one actually! Stop complaining and plz help me w/ my mp prob. Thanks!
multi player does not work! Galaxy nexus
This is an excellent game and a fun brand of stress relief. The only hassle is when you swipe too enthusiastically and accidentally touch 'home' or 'back' touch pad, which whistles you straight out of the game! It does pause and let you start again where you left off, once you open it again, but it does interrupt your flow a bit. Won't be an issue for phones with real buttons. Like others said, ads are aggravating as well. But I still enjoy the game.
Ok, but gets old after a few minutes
Great game, I loved the simplicity, but I get input lagon my ICS HTC Sensation. It was fine on my Desire.
I'm not one starring it because it's still a great game, but I have noticed performance issues since the update and the reward system is invasive and annoying.
Love it
Stop with the stupid ads... I don't like paying for an app and having this many ads.
This game is a lot of fun however the addition of rewards (newspeak for ads) is appalling. The only reward to me is something free not a coupon for something I buy.
The game is very addictive and has many different options (ie swords, backgrounds, etc.) but ever since the update and online mode was added, the game will constantly freeze and come back.. Please advise! Droid Razr and Bionic user.
I bought the game and the ads keep popping up!! I'm constantly getting boot loops on the game because of open feint too. I have to turn off my 3G so it won't look for the server to try and connect or else the game simply won't load. I want to play the game but these things are making it REALLY hard to do it.
After a while Fruit Ninja gets boring and exhausted.
Cannot play after last update. Also adds in a paid to play game!?? FU!!!!
Friut ningia is fun but always needs updating that sucks
A 5 star game (minus 2 stars for ads in a paid app)
While the new resolution looks great on my galaxy nexus screen, the advertising doesn't. And the multiplayer is broken so bad, it should never have been added to this version.
At first it was a so fun but,after playing it for week the game crashed and  Ihad to re-install. Hasnt been the same since
I love fruit ninja but lags sometimes :-/
get Ad Free Android and stop whining.  Devs: please update Fruit Ninja THD.
fun game.. but this version freezes every few minutes.
Multi player doesn't work for me. The game is a bit laggy after the update. Feint high scores are misleading. Good game apart from that.  Galaxy s i9000
I won't update it until I see that the ads are taken out of the paid version. I don't care if there is a "long awaited fruit" added. I didn't pay for this version of Fruit Ninja because I loved being advertised to and wanted more! TAKE OUT THE ADS!
Love the game but HATE the ads. There are NO ads on the iOS version, so why are there ads on the Android version? I'll give it 5 stars when the ads are REMOVED. Lenovo Ideapad A1 running CM7.2
Plz fix scores in the leader board. Some of the scores are just plain stupid, specially the arcade one. Also fix multi player, can't play it at all.
Good Game
Not digging the "rewards". I hate having ads when I paid for it. Freezes up sometimes on Samsung Admire.
Reading reviews, looks like I won't update to a long awaited version... That has ads!
Finally get the update on Android.. love it! Really wish paid customers could disable the adds though... they are annoying!
If there was no ads and if it didnt freeze up for  around 5 seconds almost every game on my Droid Razr I would rate it Five.
Well I rooted my phones so no ads for me. I'll give a 3 because people are complaining
Reduced permissions, good. Ads in a paid app, bad.
Umm...doesn't work. Please fix. Other than that best game for my Toshiba thrive.
Since the last update, Fruit Ninja is not working as well as it worked in my Galaxy S. There are a lot of lags during the game. I really want you to fix it, because it's turning the game annoying. My smartphone even was rebooted a few times because the lags produced by the game.
Never been able to play it.
Finally good to see some updates, but what I don't like is Beintoo interference. Take it out?
Can't invite friends in mp and barely get any mp going please fix this.
Good game. Hope update  brings        blades that iPad has
I played this game a lot on iPhone and was excited to get the online update but every time i attempt to play online it says connection error
Force crashes alot. I mean alott
Perfect game now cuss of update...but the SHADOW BLADE ITS SO HARD TO UNLOCK WHY
finally updated and playable.
Lagging when starting game mode (arcade,zen etc) but after a while its good as usual.
Like people already said game is dead  + faint removed the achievements and leaderboards, what's the point now?
Randomly lags for 5 seconds at a time after update. I am running a RAZR.
getting there
Nice upgrade but rewards are annoying as hell.
Introducing ads into the paid game, not cool.
I already purchase it and i can download!! They say. "due to an error download"
Is multiplayer not working for other people?
not a great app, but worth a try, sometimes slows down and low response time..
Have to go through the application store to be able to open the app
Way back in updates. Uninstalled
The multiplayer is fantastic!  So fun!  But I've only been able to play 4 times.  Connection almost always fails:(  please fix.soon!
Great app but network location is not needed.
To pass time
Seriously? Why do you need to know my location and phone contacts info? It's OK overall...
finally the pomegranate update. Still bit laggy tho. Improvement but can't rate 5*until lag issue is fixed. Sgs2.
Fruit Ninja doesn't need to know my location. Please explain when asking for new permissions.
Thanks for the update with new features and to sort out permissions. You only get three stars because it is still not OK for you to add invasive permissions, remove them and only explain the ones you kept. I want an explanation on why you had the invasive permissions in the first place. You still suckered a few thousand people into releasing their contact data to you. I think they deserve to know what you did with that info.
I hope you've learned the consequences of unexplained permissions.
Lagging 5 seconds or so at a time on my RAZR. Worked perfectly before update
I lost my save file after update for 1.7.6 even though the update was suppose to fix the issue. Still fun, but it sucks that I lost all my blades.
Love it!
Why does a game need this amount of permissions. Not updating.
changed: permissions now sort of acceptable, raised review from 1 star... still GPS is not needed.
Ridiculous for a game and unexplained.
Hasn't been updated in almost a YEAR!
The game freezes sometimes.  It happens to other people I know too.   The game is awesome when it works.
Thanks for the update, but bientoo or whatever it is happens to be really annoying and intrusive. Bumped to 3 stars, holding out because of bientoo reward system.
New update introduces better graphics. Fruits are smoother and resolution is better. Unfortunately it lags a lot which makes this game unplayable. Please optimize for lower spec devices.
Glad for the effort but what's with the ads also needs HD support and more unlocks
The latest permissions are a joke!  Please revert back.
Game is fun and entertaining, like the iPod version. Though not the right resolution for my HTC Sensation's qHD screen. Make it HD!
Funny what some developers think is acceptable. Next update will probably require your unencrypted credit card info...
Would love to play multiplayer with iPhone vs Android.
5 stars for responding and fixing the issues.
.
Please remove those ridiculous permissions!
After updating, Fruit Ninja locked when starting and had to be force-quit. Now everything is reset. No top scores, no unlocked items. They could at least warn me first.
好吧，比中国免费定制版烂很多。。。 好吧，终于更新了。。。
If everyone will just read what's new it says they made it so you can play online. They need your contacts so you can play with your friends, and your location for network info. If you look at "words with friends" and other online games like that, they have those same permissions. The only thing that we should be concerned about is the camera permission. Why do you need to take pictures?
Loads of fun but the new version is very laggy, even on a dualcore Galaxy S2.
This was a great app but after the most recent update, it now freezes often. Droid Bionic
Why is it so freaking huge now? And all these permissions for no reason? What?
I'd say apple is dominant for games  That's me though.
Why does this app need to know my location.... and read my contact list now
Why do you need so many permissions?
I like the game, I've spent many hours on it, but I don't think its necessary for a game to need to be able to record anything my camera sees at any time, nor should it have the right to the information in my address book...I don't like this, please think before you update
Thanks for removing all of my high scores...
Uses 30% CPU in the background
I agree with other comments, this update has improved the graphics, which is a welcome update. Other changes are less welcome though. Firstly how come all of my progress, and all of the items I have unlocked has been wiped out, requiring me to start over? That can never be acceptable from an update. Plus the new "social" features are very prominent, which is irritating when you just play the game casually and have no desire or interest in sharing your details with the internet. Very much a mixed upgrade.
Okay, I'm led to believe people get unnecessarily upset about permissions, but what I can't stand are the "rewards" that are offered. Can I please turn them off?
Took them long enough, but it's finally here! Now how about high resolution graphics and effects for high end phones?
Im sure there's reasons for new permissions, but not updating until each one is fully explained please.
The game is fairly entertaining for a while, but there's no way I'm installing the latest update. Read my contacts? Hah!
Hmm cancelled the update after reading the other comments regarding new permissions... fix it and I will re-think my rating...
Please explain new permissions.
Please explain new permissions.
Before complaining about permissions, look for possible reasons. Local and internet multiplayer= network, coarse location. Probably has a way to talk with your opponent and a registration and a way to invite friends = phone state, contact info. If you don't like it, uninstall.
Lost all my blades, including the sparkling one, after update.
Three stars because Open Feint always says I'm offline, and lack of updates. LG Optimus S.
Needs more blades ect. Update please!!
UPGRADE !!!!!
Desperately needs an upgarde. The last fruit and better graphics. We are not ios users, abd we dont use 3.5 inch display. We are bigger and stronger
Feels less responsive and the graphics are simply expanded compared to iPhone. Looks like a poor port
fruit ninja is my all time favorite smartphone game. I've had it on my iPhone for years. I know have a HTC sensation XE and the graphics are terrible, its like the picture is being streched to the size of my screen. Please fix this :)
Great game but why doesn't it have the thumping taiko drums as your slashing fruit like the iPhone version? Also the combo sound affect always cuts out. Needs a fix.
Where are the pomegranates??? Update this app please.
Wake the game back up with a new interesting update or something!!!!
Y U NO PUT POMERGRANITE IN GAME?!
The paid version isn't any different then the free version. On the I phones its better.  But on my DROID x not so good. Nothing special  Bought the paid version  thinking will have the same affects and points like the one the I phone has... but nothing close
Fix Frenzy!
Title says it all...unplayable because when i go to swipe the fruit an add pops up and opens
Why no carrots?
I guess the android versions been forgotten about?!?!?! Wheres the updates????
Great game bit freezes with motorloa razr and HTC amaze
I had the free version and it seemed to be more updated than this but its still good
The best game ever!  Unfortunately the performance on Android (Galaxy Note) is not up to the mark. Also, no Pomegranate at the end like in iOS. Needs a 1280*800 optimized graphic system too.
Where's the rare fruit like in da iPhone?
This on it's own is a fantastic game. But the lack of an update really hinders the replay value. I had to check that i had the authentic version and not a clone for this very reason.  But like i said, its a great game and i would totally recommend this to others.
Worked like a charm on my old desire, but on my s2 the sound is poor and patchy
Why does the free versions have more to it than the one you actually pay for?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
Wheres the hd version android always get the left over crapp from crapple
why the version still been locked at 1.5.4? there is no multi-language support, and no new features introduced in free version.
Fun but needs updating to included super fruits and so on.
I really enjoy this game, but the arbitrariness of the scoring makes it less addictive than it could be. This is especially a problem in Arcade Mode.
Its an awesome game but i would like it to be more updated than the free version since ive paid for it
No grapefruit special fruit wth??? Needs to be updated with new fruit!
Hurry up and update! Even the free version is more updated... wtf??
I bought this thinking it would have more SOIL, but the free version is so much better. And the free version on Verizon is off the hook! Update!
Lags so bad, can't even play it. HTC thunderbolt.
I played the iPhone version of the game and there is so much more. Can android get the pomegranate thing, and it's really laggy at some points.!
As many have noted, lags the iPhone version in features pretty badly. Also stutters annoyingly and seems sloooow, even on a Galaxy 5 player (plays smoothly on a iPhone 3g for contrast). This stuttering/slowness really kills the flow of the game and its addictiveness.  A shame, but I can give only 3 stars due to the bad porting of a really fun game. Will keep installed with the hope later versions improve the Android port to be on par with the iPhone.
HD fruit ninja??
Although the free version was 8 MB bigger and loaded to the hilt with ads, it did have at least one award that the premium version lacks. Upgrading from free to premium doesn't save earned rewards. A dollar for no ads is fine, but it shouldn't lose features.
Why is the ios app so much more up to date
But where are the updates? We need more fun.
Skvělá hra na odreagování a na soupeření s kamarády. Jinak nevím proč je tu napsané, že není pro Wildfire S. Asi před měsícem když jsem ji kupoval, tak byl tento telefon podporován a i nyní na něm hra v pohodě funguje. EDIT: 3 hvězdy z důvodu, že už si ji nebudu moci nainstalovat, jelikož není podporovaná.
Its very fun but it does need an update
Great game but high scores do not transfer between devices even after signing in.
Needs pomegranate update  asap
I'm not interested in OpenFeint and I would love to get rid of it from the User Interface.
Fun game, needs an update.  Feint doesn't work on ICS.
Come on now, where are the updates?
The game is fun and all. However, I discovered that the free version has more blades. Seriously. I paid for less? Fix this, please?
Would be so much better if there was an update for high Res devices
I don't get it. How do you score billions in points in 60 seconds in arcade mode a adown on feint score board?
Buy paying for the app you get rid of ads but you going down to the older version!! Niether at up to 1.7 but paid should at least be equal to the free version, why should paying for it get you an older version!? Wish I'd noticed it before after I could get a refund
Lazy scaled up port of the iPhone version, complete with super low-res graphics and artwork. Makes everything look pixellated and blurred, why can't we have a proper game? Despite that, it's fun in small doses. Not really much to keep you coming back for, though.
It worked great the first time I downloaded it, but then I had to reset my phone and now it lags and will not cut the fruit when I drag my finger.
Resolution doesnt adjust to the bigger android screens
Also no updates for like the pomegranate in the ios arcade mode
Nice game
I have seen version 1.73 for Android its coming :)
Great game, and but graphics aren't half as good as the iphone version. Android is not the poor cousin, so please don't treat it as such!
I have problem with this apps, the game is running lag on my Motorola Droid Razr. Hopes there will have update for this game to fix this problem.
The touch input stops working everynow and then on HTC desire hd, completely fine outside of fruit ninja fix this now
When are you going to put the unlocks from the free version into the paid version, like the shadow and piano blade etc.?
Graphics look terrible on the galaxy nexus. No new updates. Get with the times.
Fun game but it needs hd textures...
The graphics are grainy and pixelated on my WVGA GS2. This app needs an update to scale to a newer phone's native resolution properly. (I suspect this is also an issue on tablets.)
Minor graphics glitch (message boxes) on Galaxy Nexus.
Simple but entertaining finger tracking game. It will not load "Feint" on my phone, the HTC Rezound, and freezes when I try to report the error.
Needs an update
Pay version has content, also, I dont have pomegranates, ios has pomegranates!
Ok, reinstalled, and game works now without crashing with error. EVO
Please fix it on the Samsung galaxy S, its very leg while playing.
Great game but please fix the lag for Droid Razr!
Had free version of fruit slice before this but I thought, for 10p I couldn't go wrong. Fruit ninja is a great game but is not nearly as responsive.
Galaxy note error when start game.but can play ignore the error.
Had this game on iphone 4 and the graphics were great....these graphics are total crap! It looks like atari graphics, and im being generous.
better graphics
Seemed a bit of a pointless game!
fun but needs hd gfx...
I love this game but it needs to be updated please update!
Quite ok but the multitouch swipe is not as responsive as ios devices. There is like a bit of lag when swipe. -Sgs2
Polished and mildly diverting but not much to it.  Glad I only paid 10p as I can't imagine playing it much.
Would rate 5 stars if graphics were updated. Looks very low Res on my galaxy nexus. Developer please update the app! Thank you
Fun game but low resolution graphics look poor on hdpi devices, needs updating.
Fruit ninja relies on its popularity to do the talking. Clearly it hadn't bothered to improve the game at all. No HD graphics? That's a joke.
It's great. But does not have multiplayer or the fruit at the end of arcade mode that you slice multiple times, like the iPod, iPhone, etc. does.
Lags and hesitates on new Droid razr...all other apps are closed. Plz fix:)
It's not very responsive even at HVGA resolution.
This app is laking some features that is in the apple app but for some reason they didn't add those extras to this one
How can the free version be bettter than the paid version n the ipad version is slightly diff??
Where's the updates? iOS has other features lacking in Android... Give us the updates to keep us equal here please.
Game is very fun, but the lack of high Res graphics and the fact that it hasn't been updated nearly as frequent as the ios version is a bummer.
Its a good game and i enjoy it but it is suppose to have a multi player game and i don't it but others i know do.
Why is there any amount of lag on my device along with any of the other high end devices posted in the reviews?
This is laggy as hell on my Thunderbolt
This is one of the best games I've ever played on a phone. It's addictive once you start playing you can't stop. It's worth the 99cent to buy.
Great game, had it for ever but the updates are extremly behind. We need updates
This is a good game...but the graphics were much better on my GS2 than on the Skyrocket. Plus the iPod version is far better than Android.
It keeps resetting my score, also we need as many blades ans bacground as the free version and the pomegranite from the ipod version please update!!!
The one on iPhone is so much more fun...
Doesn't work on my HTC Sensation :/ works on my wife's Samsung Vibrant tho.
Doesn't work after update to gingerbread Crashes at 100% rate. No updates either.. Given up and wasted money. No more halfbrick for me ...
Needs to increase resolution and update to match the newest features on the iOS version.
Fruit ninja is a simple easy to play games, but the resolution isn't great at only 450x250 pixels, so it's not great looking on a most phones
Need new challenge.  Start to be boring.
One of the best apps but sometimes the detection is off. Hope this is an easy fix
One of the best apps but sometimes the detection is off. Hope this is an easy fix
One of the best apps but sometimes the detection is off. Hope this is an easy fix
On my phone, through the android, the touch screen is awful. Doesn't always pick u when you cut.
Fun ..game.. But constantly freezes!... Drives me nuts!... Please update! On samsung galaxy...
Great game, but no update since febuary 2011 is just sad!
Needs an update. 5 otherwise
Infrequent lag and nowhere near as much content as the IOS version.  Blade sometimes completely unresponsive.
No update in almost a year? Weak.
This version is not updated but the free one is. Sometimes very laggy and touchscreen stops working on Droid X.
When are they gonna make this like the ipod app. I like that one much better. Send us an update already
We need update cmon!
Amazing... I love it. Needs the update before I put 5 stars
Owning both a HTC Desire and iPod Touch, the iPod Touch version runs smoother and looks much more polished and is an update or two ahead. Please fix!
Great game. But poor resolution on the HTC sensation and an update is well overdue.
Fun game, but lags a lot, freezes, and has nowhere near as many unlocks as iPhone version. Emailed developer weeks ago about update - no answer.
I just got a Droid Bionic yesterday, and it lags a ton. I have the game on my iPod touch as well, it's never lagged on me. Otherwise I love this game.
This seriously needs an update. I hardly play this game on my phone, instead I play it on my iPod because it's not the first version that came out
I like the game play, but have to wonder why the free version has more blade types and unlocks than the paid version.
Better on the iPhone & on the free version Wth!!! If i would've known i wouldn't have purchased! Upgrade please! Highly disappointed...
It should have more blades like the I phone but its still fun
Game is good, but the fruit ninja I've played out at arcades and on my friend's phones all have the pomegranate at the end for bonus points.
Bg music stopped working after update to droid 2.3.3 gingerbread. Regular audio works.
This is soo far behind their iphone version, update this trash!
Iphone version is wayyy better
Replaced this version for the free one just because it had more content. Not sure if it's worth buying at this point.
Love the game but it needs to be like the ipod version. Please update with pomegranite!!!!
Best game ever
I don't understand how the free version has more blades to unlock then the paid version...
Would have had five stars as it is a great game. But somewhat behind in the updates that the IOS version has been getting. Feel a bit disappointed.
Where's the updates?!
I paid for this and I still have Feint slowing it down. Not worth the money or time.
I paid for this and I still have Feint slowing it down. Not worth the money or time.
It was a great game until I updated it, now it is all laggy and slow. Please fix this and also get multiplayer update for android also.
A great game to buy but needs to support qHD screen and my openFeint will never stop loading while entering the game... HTC EVO 3D
Great and fun game but cycles the same scenarios evertime you play needs update for better ai
Support for qhd screens needed.
Why iPhone users have already received two updates and Android users have not received yet. I paid for this application as well as iPhone users !!!
Good game, but really really laggy on HTC Incredible..
Only half of my screen works. The left side responds only sometimes and then the right side doesn't even slice. Come on!
I'm confused as to why my wife's free version of this app has piano, bamboo and shadow blades and my version which I paid a $1.30 for does not.
Why is the free version more recently updated than the paid version? What's going on here? Money back for everyone who got ripped off by Halfbrick?
Runs great and haven't had a problem yet. Sent from my Synergized EVO 4G with Sense 3.0
Fun game, but the free version has more stuff. This makes no sense at all.
I played this on my friends iPod and its infinitely better. More unlocks. Bonus fruit. Better. I paid for this game expecting that. Why is it not so?
I played this on my friends iPod and its infinitely better. More unlocks. Bonus fruit. Better. I paid for this game expecting that. Why is it not so?
Needs better resolution...- myTouch 4G
Far behind the iOS version, no end of level fruit, not as fun. Step it up, Android is a good market n we payed the same as them.
There is recently a noticeable lag between input and response, really annoying
By far my favorite game but something needs to be done with the lag. My friends Iphone 4 has smoother gameplay and actual updates
After putting this game down for months I decided to pick up again. NOTHING has been updated, as the laundry list of "update plx!" comments suggests.
The classic game on android just isn't as responsive as the original iPhone version, causing me to miss combos like crazy. Cmonnn.
I used to love this game a lot...but I hate how you guys changed the graphics..so once the graphics look like the THD version, I will change my rating
Its a good app but i paid 2 bucks not knowing that soon enough that a full free version was coming out - seriously android market what the f**k
Gave average score. Love the game but as EVERYONE says. Needs an UPDATE!! Just found out,now have a free version with more stuff!! Common ppl update.
Great game, worth the price, but it hasn't been updated in a while...I don't get why, since the update material itself already exists on the iphone.
UPDATE!!! Its getting boring n mutiplayer would be nice! Along with more unlockables!
Update for better high res screen support please
This would get 5 stars if it had all the features of the iPhone version. Game is amazing and addictive though
It needs an update, such as the pomegranate in the iOS version, it needs more resolution maybe HD, NEEDS AN UPDATE !!
When I say I need a slash, i'm talkin about this game. 5 Star Entertainment
A well put together app with very polished game play and excellent integration with open feint which has you coming back to play over & over.
A well put together app with very polished game play and excellent integration with open feint which has you coming back to play over & over.
Super lag! Need update fix now! Love the game but wont be happy until fixed
This game awsame and super addictive on iPad and ipod thouch so I downloaded this great on my HTC desire z but the quality his much worse less feature
NEEDS UPDATES LIKE IOS VERSION, AND ARCADE MODE IS FIXED ALWAYS SAME, LAZY DEVS TAKING MONEY AND NOT UPDATING STUPID
It's really stretched on my Inspire. And I can't get the HD version because it don't have a terga core
i agree w the comments, this is pretty sucky compared to playing it on an iPhone. Where's the pomegrenate and piano blade and multiplayer function?
Android users wont notice, but play the iphone version, and this feels laggy. Its like iOS is 60fps and this is 30fps. Fix
It's okay but there's no slicing sound. Missing some achievements as well. Needs more updates.
There's an issue opening with Samsung GalaxyS. Also doesn't have the same features as iphone like the pomegranate. Please update.
Not updated to be in line with the iOS version - those not happy about this, email the developer
iphone version have more updates!
iphone version have more updates!
iphone version have more updates!
Will give 5 star if lagg is reduced/fix slice response. -samsung transform And add more blades please. But besides that this game is awesome!
iphone app is smoother, with more options. graphics is not high quality. don't buy until they improve it to be like iphone.
Love this game so had to buy it. Addictive and fun as everyone else says. My only gripe is that the graphics look very low quality on my HTC Sensation and the fruit could do with being anti-aliased. Perhaps a graphic improvement option could be added for those with high-end devices.
Love this game so had to buy it. Addictive and fun as everyone else says. My only gripe is that the graphics look very low quality on my HTC Sensation and the fruit could do with being anti-aliased. Perhaps a graphic improvement option could be added for those with high-end devices.
we need update same as iphone
Love this game 5 stars....so addicting!!! But Needs more unlocks. arcade mode needs to be more random(the same sequence of fruit everytime I play).
Great game. Addicting. Only problem is there isnt an update. Not in sync with it's ipod counterpart
Great game. Addicting. Only problem is there isnt an update. Not in sync with it's ipod counterpart
Good game but agree with other Android users...many many more features if on iPhone. Unfair, misleading and dissapointing that they do that to Droids
I thought it would live to its iphone cousin app but its not as good. I'm disappointed
This is a fun game BUT there are better free games in the market. Would give 5 stars if it was free.
This is a fun game BUT there are better free games in the market. Would give 5 stars if it was free.
Love the game but I am going to have to agree with the rest of crowd need a serious update!?!?! Seriously I'm about to go get me an iphone instead, BS
Love the game but I am going to have to agree with the rest of crowd need a serious update!?!?! Seriously I'm about to go get me an iphone instead, BS
Needs to be updated and include everything the iPhone version has... there is also a big quality difference between the two, Android being worse.
Ok I don't know wat happened but this game has gotten some serious lag. I only have 5 other apps on my phone at the moment so I have plenty of memory
Love this app, however it's disappointing when my friends with iPhones get updates weeks before I do.
Love this app, however it's disappointing when my friends with iPhones get updates weeks before I do.
Paid for the app. Played for a few days. I was then told that app is not licensed. I am now locked out of it
VERY lagging on HTC desire 2.2 so much its unplayable. Great game but needs updates
Wonderful addictive game, but three of the achievements won't unlock. It won't let me get the Night Shift, Perfectionist, and Connected Ninja.
Game freezes G2 phone. Arcade mode fruit frenzy does not put out fruit. Other than those glitches love the game!
Liked Fruit Slice better. Fruit Slice seems to work better on my A500 and my Droid X than this game.
Not as many blades and no multiplayer like ipod. Don't know why 5 stars if fixed....
Not as many blades and no multiplayer like ipod. Don't know why 5 stars if fixed....
Not as many blades and no multiplayer like ipod. Don't know why 5 stars if fixed....
Wanted to buy it but didn't install and took my money. No refund
Wanted to buy it but didn't install and took my money. No refund
Wont download on my htc evo ... its good but I bought it and it would be at 99% and then start over
Fun game, but a little blotchy and not as many blades as the iPhone. So the iPhone is better once again....
Amazing game.. too addictive.. would give it 5 *'s but very slow compared to on the i phone.. please fixxx. Android
Please update this game soon it play so much better on the xoom then on my Droid x.
Downgraded to 4 stars, no updates, no random multiplayer, can't earn all achievements due to missing functions. Still fun but expect more
Had 5 stars now 3 wheres the updates? Forget iphone they have enough dont forget us droids!
Very entertaining on ipod touch, but on wildfire extremely slow and laggy. Not worth buying on wildfire.
i was charged an additional 2$ for this app. what gives? also, laggy on xperia
i was charged an additional 2$ for this app. what gives? also, laggy on xperia
This game is the perfect game to kill time. Its fun, addicting and just all around good game. Works perfect on my HTC Evo
I love this game on the iphone. Why does it moveee so slow. Fixxx it pleaseeeeeee
One of the best games out there, definitely worth every penny! Works great on HTC Evo 4G, very fast and responsive.
Honestly the iPhone update came out months ago. You need to start paying attention to your Android users halfbrick
Doesnt recognize everytime I try to swipe. Used to work great. - Glacier 2.3.4 CM
Doesnt recognize everytime I try to swipe. Used to work great. - Glacier 2.3.4 CM
Excited at first because I love the iphone version. This is so incredibly laggy and unresponsive that it's unplayable. Refund
I love the game but have the fact that its so laggy on huawei. But what app isn't.
Worked awesome on my og droid. But the t bolt is very unresponsive! Please fix
Great little game, runs fast and has great visuals. Nice way to kill time and different game modes to keep you entertained. Worth it! Droid X, 2.3.3
Touch is unresponsive. At first I thought it was my screen but no other apps or games have a problem with my touch input.
Touch is unresponsive. At first I thought it was my screen but no other apps or games have a problem with my touch input.
Everything unlocked and all feint achievements. Update it already!! 5 stars when updated
At least tell us what's happening .... lags at times and a pale shadow of the iOs version...
Better on ipod frenzy plays up not as responsive on galaxy tab leaderboard scores are fake and worthless fix for 5 stars great game I own it twice
why isnt it updated as much as the iphone....my gfriends ipod touch has more features, including multiplayer
Could you give a lite version so that we can check operability of our devices? Android has different hardware per phone, more diverse than iphones do.
This narrative makes no sense...what are you, a ninja game or a fruit game?! You clearly don't know what you are 'we all know ninja's hate fruit'...
It's not like iPhone. Don't understand why the same developer group develops the same app different in iPhone and android. Please make it multiplayer
It's not like iPhone. Don't understand why the same developer group develops the same app different in iPhone and android. Please make it multiplayer
It does not recognise swipes a lot. HTC thunderbolt. And on XOOM the THD one looks stretched. Please put more effort into the THD version. Thanks
I bought this game cause I gas out it on my iPod touch, but theres a pesky sword lag on my Nexus S that makes it unbearable!
Same great features as I loved on my iTouch, but lags badly on my Droid X. The droid x has far beefier hardware, so its lag makes no sense.
It used to work smooth on my Milestone, but it lags badly (jerky fruit movement) on the new droid 2 global. Please investigate.
So addictive! Wish there were levels not just beating best score but still super fun and colorful! galaxy tab
Great game! I unlocked all blades in 1 sec using the ninja fruit unlocker app. Desire
Great game! I unlocked all blades in 1 sec using the ninja fruit unlocker app. Desire
Nice game, could do with a little more variation in gameplay modes. Really love the fruit facts!
Very addictive game I love it and it's worth getting it works perfectly on my HTC Desire HD. Only wish it had multiplayer like it does for the iPhone.
Works awesome on Droid inc. People, quit complaining that this game won't play on your antique phone... upgrade.
Great game but doesn't work on Gingerbread. Please update and I will rate higher DROID X.
Amazing how these idiots complain about instability in a custom beta ROM. If you don't like it go back to stock. Don't blame the app devs. Evo CM7.
Fun game with great graphics, but took 3 tries to accept payment and download, and has less content than the iPhone version which is disappointing.
It Cuts my sound out though no music nothing but it'll put one or the other in then all and no sound again experia x10
It Cuts my sound out though no music nothing but it'll put one or the other in then all and no sound again experia x10
Amazing game, could run better on OG Droid, but that's not exactly halfbricks fault... For those who can't find the app, moving it to your phone
Game dev, plus update the app. It is so obvious the android version is lacking of many new unlocks.
Great game, horrible devs! Never updates with new stuff! The iwhatevers got new blades and multiplayer a year ago! Not fair!SAMSUNG VIBRANT 2.2 STOCK!
Great game, horrible devs! Never updates with new stuff! The iwhatevers got new blades and multiplayer a year ago! Not fair!SAMSUNG VIBRANT 2.2 STOCK!
Good game but plays fine for few games then starts to lag like a slug HTC desire hd?.
If it wasn't for the feint crap this would be a better game. No I don't want to create an account! wtf!? Seems like the graphics lost their fidelity.
If it wasn't for the feint crap this would be a better game. No I don't want to create an account! wtf!? Seems like the graphics lost their fidelity.
Great game, pretty fun. Only problem is it has no multiplayer like the apple version. Update maybe?
Great game! Graphics are good on mytouch 3g slide but it takes up a lot of space. :(
Anyone else having a problem with the sound effects not working on combo strikes sometimes?
Arcade mode is definitely a welcomed addition but the graphics since the update have become very poor and very pixelated for me... I'm using mytouch4g
Fun and addictive, and my 3yo loves it. Wish it had a perpetual mode for him, though, in addition to the 90-sec Zen mode.
You should really think about creating something like COMPATIBILITY LIST for all apps on the market!!!! It has like 1-2fps on my wildfire, which obviously makes it impossible to play! If you have a wildfire - do not buy this game.
Simple yet fun game and for a low price. Some of the achievements are kinda lame and sometimes don't register, but its worth the fun.
Should have a setting to change video quality.. that way ppl with slower devices can play without lag
Should have a setting to change video quality.. that way ppl with slower devices can play without lag
I would'be give this game 5 stars, but lately is not sensing my moves across the screen, causing Nero loose a lots of points. Please fix this.
I would'be give this game 5 stars, but lately is not sensing my moves across the screen, causing Nero loose a lots of points. Please fix this.
To slow to run on HTC wildfire. Not able to get refund???? Even with the new update. Should indicate what CPU is needed
Can't really complain. $1.21 is a weird price though.
This is a great time killer. Definately one of the best games on the market. Well worth the price.
This is a great time killer. Definately one of the best games on the market. Well worth the price.
Seemed like a fun game until you had 3 or more fruit on the screen, the game seemed to constantly freeze for moment instead of continuing seamlessly.
Pretty laggy now, looks horrible compared to the iPod Touch 4G, needs an HD version or something. Needs the new blades that iOS just got.
Kept me busy for maybe 15 mins.
Love arcade mode but ever since last update it lags really bad and freezes up mid game all the time. Please fix the lag! Love the game besides that.
Pretty laggy on DroidX
Pretty laggy on DroidX
I would give this 5 stars for performance and addictive gameplay, just a shame that feint doesn't work. If this is fixed then 5 stars.
No where near as good as the iPhone version.. Lags and freezes up all the time on the droid x.. Don't buy!!
Was 5 stars till it started lagging after last update. I'm running desire hd. Please fix
I absolutely love this game and I managed to unlock all of the backgrounds and blades expect one blade that expects me to get exactly 234 points in arcade mode. The bonus points are so random there's no way! Also the rewards mean nothing except offers that no one wants.  Remove that pointless feature and add extra content instead. I hope there's a new update soon. Great addictive game.
Could be better
great game but the ipad version is better
I always enjoy playing on Fruit Ninja, its a great time filler and I like trying to earn new backgrounds and blades! I would recommend it to anyone!:-)
I love this game and it is a really good time killer but please please please can you update this app with the starfruit just like you have for the iPhone/iPod/iPad app... It would be most apreciated by me and all other lovers of this game I'm sure! Please...
Will change to 5 stars when I get an update... >_<
I love it but I like the other version better on apple app because is fruit  stars not this stupid reward doesn't do much and is annoying
And by more i mean those from the iOS version.I will be very grateful if they're added.
This game is cool. I had the free version, and a friend of mine had the full one on his ipod. I tried it and i was amazed with the difference: The water blade, King dragon blade, starfruits, etc. I decided to buy this on android and it didn't have any of that, only the Firecracker blade and online game mode! Please add the rest of that to android version, I'll give it 5 stars.
Awesome game
It's fine, I don't mind the point as much as I thought I would. Just the occasional pop up its no big deal. There's this one glitch where in the middle of a game it'll just pause randomly. I thought I was my hand hitting the button at first but it'll pause if I place it on the table, my finger not even close to the button. I do.I have this problem with any other app.
It's a great game....The ads disguised as "rewards" not so great.  I bought the game to avoid ads and am disappointed to see ads still show up in paid version as "rewards"  they're still ads no matter what developer calls it.
Szybko się nudzi
Multiplayer doesn't work but this game is alot of fun :)
Great, but any sort of notification seems to cause a slow lag type game play. Eg. The knife slashing is slow to respond, making it hard to slash fruit. Please fix this issue, ending backgrounded apps doesn't help, nor does exiting it and restating it.
Great, but any sort of notification seems to cause a slow lag type game play. Eg. The knife slashing is slow to respond, making it hard to slash fruit. Please fix this issue, ending backgrounded apps doesn't help, nor does exiting it and restating it.
Great little game but android version is so behind iOS one. Lose the annoying "rewards" and get starfruit update patched in!
I really enjoy having this game, super fun and addictive only reason I didn't give it a full 5★'s is because of the missing blades. I really would like if the new update comes with the water & dragon blades :)
Can u give the update please. The iPhone version. Then I'll rate 5 star.
The game is great as always said.. but why is the game not tilting head side down wenever i turn my device to the other side? we should be able to play the game which ever side we tilt the device.. please fix it..i will give 5star if fixed
Finally updated...
the blades disappoints me. and any more than the hacked version. also online play is not working. and ads...seriously..
Why is it better for ios
I thought this was a really fun game but I could not get the online multiplayer to work
Test comments
Good game. Halfbrick needs to add Jetpack Joyride.
I played this game once and I am tremendous at it.
Installed it on my Droid 4.  Amazingly addictive!    It sometimes lags for a few seconds.  Also, the offers thing is lame
You guys should add the starfruit update my fiancees is much more fun with the new blades
Working again but the ads are annoying.
I love this game it is extremely addicting and the graphics are amazing yet the ios version is way ahead with star fruit and everything, why no update for Android?
It is overall a descent game, but my sister has an iPhone and her version has the starfruit update and new blades, and I wish they would update this version to!
Why is this so far behind from iOS??
Gets really repetitive after a few days. Good game to have around when your bored though.
We paid for it.
It's really a great game but i bought the paid version and didnt get the new backgrounds and blades overall great game make the special fruit appear more often would be nice
I want the star fruit!
Thanks for the repair for 720p devices. Nice Game.
This game should be fully updated to how it is on the ipod version! Other than that its great!
I paid get rid of these "reward" ads. I don't want anything else and it annoys ppl.
Omg its so awesome.Its just laggy on lg optimus s,but not much to see.Really worth the price,but the free versions great to.I'll play you my nickname is TryHardGaming1919.
Great game
All good but slow
This is one of the top paid games on android and isn't even supported by the developers. It's disgusting!
The game is verrrry addicting. Although, I do own an ipad, and I've noticed that the ipad/ipod version has the starfruit and gutsus cart thingy... id like that in the android version! :D
I would give it 5 but not until starfruit is in the game! We all want starfruit so we can get better scores. Please make it happen :)
Why are there rewards that pop up each time I play a few games. I paid for this game. I shouldn't be getting partner messages. PLEASE REMOVE the REWARDS from the game.
Awesome
1 star as it erased everything I had when I opened for no ads it oped for me to start all over!:( NOT COOL pls fix this and ill rerate 5 star.
Addicted. But when is fruit ninja HD coming out for the droid like the iPhone?!?!
The pause button is very irritating... Can it be place somewhere else...  Overall, the game is awesome!!!
When it tries to start it seems to enter an infinite load OpenFeint/crash/restart/repeat loop on ICS. It makes it impossible to play the game.
Great game and tons of fun, but it keeps freezing in the middle of a game.   Droid 4
I just wish this was more...you know...HD. Lol.
Always been a good game but online mode don't work for me.  (Galaxy s2)
I love this game! Very addicting. I wish it would stay updated with iOS version though. I would love to see gutsus cart sometime soon.
I love this game on both my phone and my Xbox 360 w/Kinect!
Slicing friut is so fun!  Though It can freeze when I need the blade the most LOL & LIP (live in peace)
Is it just me or is the fruit store not workin?
They fixed it.
Love the game my only regret to buying it is that the gane constantly freezes in the middle of game play!! Ur messin with my combos man!! Please please fix! >-O
Great app, good time killer
Its a good game hope it was exactly like the apple game.. whru can collect points and purchase the pears that would deflect bomb and stuff..
Love the game but I hate that the high scores on feint are there because of the fact that you can cheat on this game! Fix that and it is perfect.
Great game great effects
Multiplayer needs work and ads need to be removed
Freezes on razr
Pretty good game and addictive. But also gets old after a while. If you haven't played it all your other device definitely get it on android
Would've given it five stars but apple users get better updates than android users do which is kinda dumb. But other than that fun game
No updates!!
when is the newer version coming out this isn't as good as the iPhone version
Fun and great. Miss the option to disable fruit ghosting effect
A paid app thatt never updates. Fun game but not worth it with no new content
Works great and runs smoothly on ICS but it needs update for Gutsu's Cart. That would be nice. And multiplayer should be fixed too
Could be a 5 star game and will be once you fix the multiplayer! And who uses gamespy anyway. Fail!
I totally have a good time with this!
I really enjoyed the game, lots of things to unlock -the three pineapples in a row kept me playing for a long time in particular- and once everything is done, you can try to improve your score. On the other hand, the vouchers are annoying as they keep popping up, perhaps an option to turn them off would be good or removing them altogether.
Starfruit, bomb deflects, exploding strawberries, and peaches that add 2 seconds to the time? When will the droid version arrive?
I played this game in Symbian and I prefer it in Android
My favorite game on android. Patch the multiplayer though. It wont work.
Why dont you update the android version a little bit closer to the iOS version? Otherwise its great
New permissions are extreme. Next update you will need the keys to my house, and two hours alone with my wife daily? 1 star and uninstall until fixed, or given reasonable explaination.
The games is incredible but it freezes way too much could you possibly take out the bugs or something. Don't tell me it's my phone because it never freezes anywhere else
Great game but the online never seems to work!
It feel too linear... need to add another mode.
The long awaited update is welcomed with open arms.
The latest update makes it look great on HD devices. Great update. (If you don't want vouchers just log out of your Beintoo account)
Am keshav narula frm india .....this one game is very nice if one want frnd ship then find my name on fb
I don't really care about rewards anyway. But the multiplayer won't work for me.
Enjoy a lot playing, love the new features, but unable to connect to play online, error in connection.
I like this game. It's really addicting. The slicing is so smooth, and the different challenges are countless. The only problem I have ever encountered was when bombs would sometimes fuse with the fruit in Classic Mode.
This game is entertaining. The only reason why I give it a 4 is because it occasionally gets a 3 second lag during game play. I think it's a bug because this would happen on my RAZR and now on my RAZR Maxx also.
Ev1 usez mi phn 2 play this! Thank u 4 ptn da pomegranate in! Wud b 5star bt sumtimez game lags
The update works great on my phone with no problems, but the rewards/ads on a paid version are just dumb. Thankfully you can ignore them for the most part, but they should not even appear. I would not be sad if this "feature" disappeared.
Jus a time waster
I loved this game on iOS but on this it has some really annoying lag spikes, even though my phone is perfectly capable of running it. Despite that its still a very good game.
Great game for killing a few minutes.
Great game to kill time, can get addicting too
Awesome !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! But why ads?
Had it for a while,upgraded phone to lg spectrum, crashes on startup if moved to sd card.
cool!
Needs higher resolution
Take while to load
I had the ftee version before and when I got this version I had to  start  all over again :( if that did not happen this would have been 5 stars
Love
Love this game but I just got a new RAZR & it hangs. Aargh! How am I going to mindlessly waste time now?
There are now advertisements,  disguised as "rewards",  in game that I paid not to have advertisements in.  Since when is getting an advertisement, which you paid to have removed,  a reward for doing well in-game?
Uhh
First app I purchased when I got my Droid X because I loved it on the iPhone, but no update for almost a year? What a joke.
cinks to work out
Need more challenges
Love the game!! But REALLY frustrated that the purchased version keeps freezing. Is there anything being done to fix this issue?
Hours of fun, a must have game!!
Its fun, no ads, and wierd fruit store. But fix the lag and ill give it 5 stars.
Can't change nickname in multiplayer.
Forcing ad/voucher promotion in a paid app with no option to opt out? Not gonna buy/support a single app from this dev in future
Its a great game but my vs player doesnt work it always say connection problem on my galaxy tab 8.9 and y u cant do two player but on ipad u can
Update was really needed, and the game is now alot better!
Great to pass the time, but lags whenever connected to openfeint!
,Otherwise it's all great like iOS version.
Not a bad kids game.
Why did you add personal information to required permissions for a paid app? I highly recommend not updating or purchasing this  until the developers provide an explanation regarding these new permissions.
I can live with the "rewards", but please fix the random freezing on DROID 4.
Started playing on the iPad and now I play on my RAZR MAXX.  Fun game.  Only one complaint: freezes up in game play on the RAZR MAXX.
Good game
I love this game! However the game us freezing on me during play in any game mode. And the freeze is random and depends on the day. This started happening after the last update.
Fun and cool game but it keeps freezing multiple times in every game since the last update and its very annoying. It used to run fine. If it doesnt freeze on your phone then its an awesome game.
แม่งเล่น online ไม่ได้อ่ะ ไมอ่ะ เสียตังแล้วนะ
Gr8 game....but the blade is less responsive than fruit slice and fruit ninja in iphone...which sucks....
Looking good on the Samsung nexus. Just wish the multi player worked.
Good concept.. i like this game... simple but can make me crazy
Its a fun game but it lags- droid razr maxx
The multi player doesn't work...ever I wanna play so bad
Thanx for the update.. been a long time. This is an amazing game. Though the update has made the game a bit slow on low end devices like mine.
The long awaited update, hope for some better optimization... Have no problems with ads. 4* until better optimization
Great game, I love it and I enjoy the new fruit at the end! The update is better, but seems like multiplayer mode does not work, please have a look at that issue please.
I really like it, esp now with the pomegranate. Online never connects for me...fix this bug
Yeah!!
Love the content update.  NEEDS INTERNAL VOLUME CONTROL.
Love it!
It's so funny when ur like ''I' mgonna make! '' then the bomb shows up then...Bam! ... Game over!  Ha,Ha!
What are you people talking about? I don't see ANY ads on ANY screen. And I'm not just countering the bad reviews...
Very entertaining I only wish the rewards had something to do with the game itself
It's a good time waster when you only have a few minutes.
Introducing invasive permissions without even explaining is not acceptable.
Glad they've fixed the permissions now.
Love it...good action game...need more challenges...but still a great game.
The update adds, ADs, and freezing.... im ok with ads, but freezing is making me extremely mad.
The latest update seems to have upped the resolution. It looks very sharp and is no longer blurry on my galaxy nexus. Along with the sharpness its also buttery smooth. It feels like they enabled hardware acceleration for ICS.
I like the game and all but either no one plays online which I doubt, or I need another update to fix my connection issues Droid Incredible 2
Little slow every once in awhile but glad it updated finally
Excessive permissions.
Excessive permissions.
But i am sorry i updated. Maybe nicer graphics but liked more the older version.
I don't see the differance of having the paid version over the free I don't have ads at all because of my rooted phone but please include more feautures for the pro version but other than that very fun game
Online doesn't work for me please fix
Hope I can get it to stop looping out of open feint screen!
Glad the permissions have been removed and updated. Thanks now I can try the update and re-score
Fun game. Great graphics and sound. Plays very smoothly on Evo and Transformer Prime. Multiplayer has never worked for me though - never finds an opponent.
Awesome
This is how the game should have been released. If you make a quality game ppl from android will buy it. A lot of developers complain they don't make enough on android, well I for one am not gonna pay for a port that looks like crap and performs half as good as its counter part on ios. Until developers learn they will continue to suffer on sales for android. Good job guys for moving forward out of that realm.
Been better after update
Works well with pics !
You know the funny thing is after stating how much is new and how cool it is, after I updated my fruit ninja app wouldn't even open. Samsung galaxy s
Works great, and great fun.
fun to play, easy to kill leisure time.
I paid in full. I expected multiplayer like they have on the iphone. Single player only =(
Online Multiplayer doesn't seem to work, but other than that, the new update is great
Had all but one piece of swag unlocked. Subsequent update resolved the issue.
Update was sorely needed. Thank you.
I don't normally moan about permissions, but why on earth do you need to take pictures while I'm slicing up fruit???
Took long enough. I'm tired of these iOS devs coming over to Android half way.If u put an android app out,SUPPORT IT FULLY. Like the game
Nice to see that invasive permissions are fixed but then again, what the "phone state and identity" permission is used for exactly? Anyway, this is a great game.
A whole year since update!!?!  What a load of crap, 1 star.
It‘s a good game, but I don‘t think a fruit slicing game needs to know my location. I‘m not updating.
I generally love the game, yet multi player functionality is not working. Even when I have internet it states no connection.
Thanks for fixing the permissions
Paid for phone version, a bit unfair to pay again for tablet/THD version. Great casual game though
The update is really nice but its a bit laggy.
Finally, Halfbrick release an update.
Omg great update i will give five stars if you add a story mode or pomegranit training or somethings. runs better than iphone on my samsung galaxy s2 ics
Fun game - haven't tested the new multiplayer yet
Samurai jack lol
Happy with updated permissions.
Love the game. Bumped review back up with 1)removal of permissions and 2) explanation of new permissions
Totally ridiculous
Good that the permissions have be revised! The wait wasn't worth just being on par with iOS
but the update rather lags in a rather high performance galaxy note
No tropical fruits.
This kind of permission changes is exactly what your mother should have warned you about.
Thanks for explaining the new permissions.
Thank you for the update, please continue to update.
Amusing game to pass the time. Nothing groundbreaking but fun nonetheless. Will give more stars when it stops asking me to use Feint on every start.
Yay they finally updated
Why does the new version need to read my contacts???  Refuse to upgrade until removed.  Bad form Halfbrick!!!
It's good that you've removed some of the excessive new permissions but still a number of new permissions that may make sense for free advertising based games but not a paid game.  If you are going to add permissions you NEED to explicitly justify them on the app description and what's new, not give an obscure reference to a new, unexplained feature. Now I view you with suspicion and think at best you're trying to double dip - get paid for the app and then also advertisements. If you want to keep a good reputation, please thoroughly explain yourself, or offer refund for those of us opting out.
The update is here!
Great game to play on the bus, train, in the waiting room, etc. I'm hoping there'll be an update that will add challenges. Performance is great too :)
Strange permissions & lost progress after update Issues solved after last update
Needs to hide the soft keys in ice cream sandwich during game play.  Love the frequent updates randomly, keep it up :).Galaxy Nexus Codename Android 1.5
Glad to see this gets resolved.
Update - March 23rd, 2012 - Changed to 4 stars. Update to permissions were done by Halfbrick (Developer) where the need to access our camera functions and accessing our contact list was removed from the permission list.  The games can continue for my little 3 year old!  March 22, 2012 - My first review of an app - 1 star Like many others, I will not update with these drastic permission changes.  Permissions were changed so that your camera can be used and the app can use your contacts - Really?  Not for slicing fruit that's for sure!
Not updating until permissions explained!
I am very happy with this game after the most recent update and will be playing much more now.  My only complaint is the new "Rewards" / beintoo system of advertising.  It's annoying (if infrequent) and shouldn't be included in a paid app.
Now that the permissions have been fixed - game on!
At the least state or link to the reasons for such odd and sensitive permissions.
Permissions more reasonable so back to 4 stars.
I dnt they r allowed to update or something well i want to buy the amazon one but cant so ****.
How do u play local multiplayer? I only see the option for quickmatch online? Galaxy Nexus owner.
Would be nice to see more regular updates.
Thanks for removing unnecessary permissions!
Another update today! Thanks for removing the questionable permissions I'd rate it 4.5 if I could. 5 stars when the lag is fixed and multi player works properly. Thanks half brick!
Thank you for listening about the permissions! Cantwait to try multiplayer!
Why would you need all these permissions for a game? Don't think that your users are stupid enough to just update and accept them.
Nice update though multiplayer not working yet
Game got way more fun... Now permissions make sense, thanx.... updated
Stars returned...
Thanks for listening.
I love the update.
The free, ad-supported version has more content. Why did I pay for this again? Way to show your customer appreciation, Halfbrick...
I'm glade the developers fix some of the permissions, but why is GPS still on the set of permissions
Nice. Permissions fixed.
Nice. Permissions fixed.
why did I buy this?
thanks for remove unnesscary permission
Too extensive permissions!
Removed excessive permissions. Thanks. Updating now.
Read contact data? Are you serious?
Finally updated on my SG2 but lost all game data. Noticed a few lags during game but overall pleased. Just need to test online mode. Hoping I can play friends on ios
There is no reason for the new permission changes, especially not on a game i paid for.
Finally this can get the rating it really deserves. Thanks!
Excellent game!!
new permissions approximately equivalent to rape. Will never re-download, even if you change them. That is ridiculous. F*&% you.
This is a fantastic game
AN UPDATE? Incredible! I'm glad to finally be on par with the iOS version but I find the game to be a bit laggy when start any new game.
HAHA! got rid of all the contact info and other permissions... Cause i cant call with my HTC Flyer. And i do not add contacts on it.. so.. ehh i like the game..
Take your effing tinfoil hats off, people.
About time huh!?! Thanks for reinvesting your time in android, good update but I did lose my high scores, oh well. Plz continue updating regularly because ppl will totally buy your game more if it has regular updates and fixes.
Finally the long waited update comes! Graphic improves a lot! Thought the dev needs to explain the new permissions to users. Removal of software keys during play for ICS devices will be appreciated !
Update deleted my progress/achievements.
Much better graphics and features. Took you long enough!
Old version great.
Used to be good now it doesn't work it like it needs calibrating. Galaxy S.
..
Update improved every asset of the game including online multiplayer, new blades, better graphics, and I love the fruit that you get to slice multiple times at the end of the arcade round. However, I would have given it 5 stars if the update did not erase all of my progress. Other than that, job well done Half Brick!
To everyone freaking out about the new update; if you use Facebook on your phone you're sharing the same info. It's the future. We live in public.
Would be 5 stars. Only 4 due to inclusion of a store and yet another peer network. Plus it kills all your previous unlocks.
Why do you want to know my location, phone details, address book and take pictures??? Way too much for a game. I want my money back!
Its cool, just played online on my galaxy note.
It's finally been updated! Love the new features. Multiplayer is fun too!
The update is cool, but I lost all my progress. ):
The update is nice (better graphics), but for some reason all my progress was lost. Good thing I didn't put too much into the game before.....
Addictive fun.
Thank you!!
Extremely better on galaxys2.. But still a hiccup ever once in a while.  just a little more polish for android and youll have five stars
Where can i get the update
The game is very fun, BUT I think there should be more swords and wallpaper ideas for swords:bamboo panio music fire works lighting
Why u no update android version ?... half a year without an upgrade. Otherwise very nice relaxing game
Although I enjoyed this game very much on my iPod, the Android port has been quite disappointing. The graphics ate choppy and stretched out. If anyone is wondering I am playing on my Droid Bionic. It would have been five stars if it wasn't for the poor performance.
Amazing game, but why is it outdated in relation to the free version ?
Purchased and installed about 6 months ago on wildfire and was slow and kept force closing. Tried it again on sensation xe and it's fantastic... Very addictive!
Come on what taking so long I want the updates that Apple got really halfbrick
Why does my fruit ninja not have the special fruit.. ijust bought it recently and of all the times i played it.. i didnt even see one!
Nice
Better on iPhone
Extremely fun
Extremely fun
Update!!! Give an HD Version .
The games is amazing overall but very laggy when it comes to hitting more than one fruit at a time.  Need fix please!!!
Great game.. Whish it was more like the iPod version! No rare fruit and can't  play online :(
Great game only bad thing is all the leader boards are full of hackers.
I owned this on the iPhone and initially enjoyed it but became frustrated because as you master the combo technique, you realise that your score is not dependant on skill but simply the amount of fruit the game allows on screen. I gave the game another chance as my Xperia Neo is far more powerful than my old 3G but the fruit limit is a game design error, not a hardware limitation. Fun for occasional play but look elsewhere for depth.
Where are new Bill blades and backgrounds? Not on and update as ipods. Apart from that great fun.
No updates in forever. Unlocked everything. Its boring me!!!!!!!!
the updates are waaaay behind the iPhone or iPad ones... and i have a galaxy note, needs better graphics for larger screens
Amazing and addicted gameplay.  Only problem is I've been playing the free version cause its more updated then the full version what is up with that
I really enjoy this game, have no problems with its operation on my Samsung Vibrant, but my friend who JUST downloaded the FREE version into his iPad has the pomegranate. What's up?
When will it be updated to the iPhone version android is always behind with its apps.
This game is really fun and addicting. Its worth the 99 cents purchase. But after unlocking everything, there's no insentive to play. They need to update the game and offer more stuff.
Works great on DROID r2-d2 some lag here and but not bad and clears up. Just needs to be updated to the I phone version then it'd be 5 stars
This app is has a clean interface and is easy to use. The only functionality it lacks is printing entire notebooks. Once it can do that it will be perfect.
i hate how the android version (1.5.4) is much inferior then the iPhone version (1.7.4). MORE SUPPORT FOR ANDROID !!!
This game hasnt been updated forever. Played the iphone version today, better graphics, effects, that one huge pomegranate was there. Android has nothing. Cmon UPDATE. Awesome game though
And it needs that one super fruit that you can slice tons of times
Good game it is better then free,but it needs updates. Free has more blades but less fruit. Also it is missing fruit from the app store version.
Nuffin else 2 say. Grafics cood be improved
Still playing that, but more swords or backgrounds requied :). Just purchased Puss in Boots . We will see how it will be
I don't know why so many people are giving it 1 star because of "no updates". Fruit ninja is still an awesomely fun game, I've taken one star off for the lack of updates and resolution issues.
Good game but shame how the devs seem to favour iOS users. Requires update to be on the same level as iOS version. Will change to 5* once its been updated.
It's pretty blurry on my Galaxy Nexus because of the high res. It's perfectly fine on lower res screens, though.
When I get the freenzy banana...nothing comes out sometimes the bomb comes out in the middle of it.  Sometimes when I get a good blitz going more bombs come out with one or two fruits killing my streak.
Update please
where is it. updaaaate
updates would be nice.
Amusing for my and my grandchildren on Epic 4G Touch.
Good game if you need to kill a few minutes.
Why has iPhone version got bonus  fruits..discrimination against android...great game just needs up dating now!!!
Yay!
Yeah brilliant game but the free version has more to unlock, more blades, etc. So this needs updating to that standard as we have paid for this and we get less then someone who hasn't paid.
I play on a HTC Desire HD. On occasion the game will take a few seconds to realise I have swiped the screen. Sometimes it can take 5 or 6 seconds. If this could be fixed it is an amazing game!
Good game but needs the unlockables that the free version has, maybe more for the ones who buy it
I really dont understand. When I still have the free version everything is great but a little bit slower due to ads. So i decided to upgrade. Now, the game is fast just like how it used to be but why it does lack blades from the free version. Isn't it awkward that free has a lot more addons than the paid one?
Two small things--first of all, why did they get rid of the Party Blade in the paid version? Sometimes I prefer playing the free one just because that blade is awesome. Secondly, is there any chance of possibly getting a lighter or white background? All the current options are brown, and maybe it's just my vision, but I can barely see kiwis or coconuts against it. I have given up on Classic Mode entirely because I would run out of lives, took me a while to realise there were fruits blending into the background I was missing. A light grey would be perfect--not too blindingly bright, but also allow all the fruits to stand out against it. Please consider adding this :) Beyond that, everybody else is spot on--runs great, is addictive and fun and even with the "invisible fruit" problem, I can't stop playing!
Two small things--first of all, why did they get rid of the Party Blade in the paid version? Sometimes I prefer playing the free one just because that blade is awesome. Secondly, is there any chance of possibly getting a lighter or white background? All the current options are brown, and maybe it's just my vision, but I can barely see kiwis or coconuts against it. I have given up on Classic Mode entirely because I would run out of lives, took me a while to realise there were fruits blending into the background I was missing. A light grey would be perfect--not too blindingly bright, but also allow all the fruits to stand out against it. Please consider adding this :) Beyond that, everybody else is spot on--runs great, is addictive and fun and even with the "invisible fruit" problem, I can't stop playing!
While this is always my go-to time waster and is a fantastic game, I want new content! Otherwise I'd give it 5 stars!
Need to get the pomegranate update. It's about time... Works great. Looks good.
Need to get the pomegranate update. It's about time... Works great. Looks good.
Needs update for ICS. Will not load on my stock Galaxy Nexus. Enjoyed playing on previous phone.
after you unlock the blades and background because there is nothing left to work tword. Still a fun game though, give it a try. 4 stars.
Fun game but it needs hd textures...
Good little game, love the fruit facts.
If you haven't played the iPhone version.  Missing alot of unlockables and items in certain game modes.  Yes.  I have the paid version.
Crashed with docomo sh01d
The idea is quite different. Slicing fruit. But it's great fun. Even slice fruit with 4 fingers. Though that will be more clawing at the screen than precision slicing!
Will give five stars when the features from the free version are added to the paid version.
This game is surprisingly fun but the graphics are a bit of a let down on Samsung T989.
Good fun but no updates for a while, apple one far more updated for some reason all good fun but better on apple market
The game is very fun but why does the free version have more blades? Also Need updated version for qHD screens.
Geras laikui užmušinėti, tačiau neturi jokio tikslo ar lygių. Galėtų būti nemokamas.
Neat game, i like it but make it better by optimizing it with HD graphics!
Neat game, i like it but make it better by optimizing it with HD graphics!
Its a lot of fun don't get me wrong but there is very little to unlock I have way more stuff on my iphone that I can unlock than on here
The game is great but it can have better graphics like the XBOX Kinect version and replace the icon with a HD icon without the OpenFeint logo on it.
Why does the free version have more content?  Very strange difference for a paid app.	Game is great, but the free version is a higher version number and has more content.  I'd gladly change this to a 5 if I got the same unlockables.
Where is the puss and boots version like ios? Great deal anyhow!
It's a fun, but what's the difference between this and the free one?   Also the graphics need to be better
On a good phone...
Great game, well worth the Pennies. The graphics should be a bit sharper on the galaxy s2.
While gameplay is fun, its graphics on a Super AMOLED WVGA display look mediocre and it should be modernized as now HD displays are available.
For 10 cents, the I got my moneys worth just from laughing at the sounds.
although not as good as the IOS version, I can't complain since I only payed ten cents. I would've never have purchased otherwise.
azt írja hogy megvettem,de nembírom se gépről se telefonról feltelepíteni.a nagy leárazáskor vettem meg.  market says i'm purchased,but i can't install it from phone or pc.i'm bought it in the big discount.
A good timekiller. A steal at 10 cents.
Worth two bob :-)
is ok....i install.. but now is not compatible? HTC wildfire.... pls fix this
The game does not work well with the droid 3 the game can barely track my finger please fix this
It would be nice if the fruit didn't look jagged and overall blurry on my sensation. I know its probably due to higher resolution screen, please developer fix the graphics.
For some reason it comes up with the same thing as the free version! Theres less blades on this than the free for some reason on my mini galaxy!
Best to get free one, don't waste your $$$$ like I did....Android second rate to these guys!!
ood game, could do with an update to more like the iPhone version but good none the less
Addictive, but bizzarely, the free apparently has more content.
Almost as good as the iphone but it definately needs the pomegranate
Fun game but I want more achievements.
I'd give it 5 stars if it would give me all the points I know I earned in Arcade mode.  Like this game alot!
Serious lag issues on Galaxy S2! Free version played smoothly. Paid for full version and can't play because of the lag!!!!!!
Great APP
Update NEEDED! The iPod one has had more stuff than this for a while, update it!
So easy and fun, good for in between times :D
but would be better with the ****ing pomegranite
I have a Motorola ATRIX and my fruit ninja doesn't have multiplayer or pomegranate ...why????
It is great, but needs more updates to be up to date as for iOS.
Pretty much unplayable.
Pretty much unplayable.
This game has always been awesome
Laggy, crappy knock off version of fruit ninja. un-installed
Addicting! Love it :)
Great game, but no multiplayer, no sharing scores via twitter or FB, way behind the iOS version. What gives??
Needs more blades like on apple devices
Fun and addicting, add more backgrounds for 5 stars! Even paper toss has backgrounds.
Really good but needs updates! Maybe have more stuff from iphone version or original stuf?
Amazon appstore is cheaper plus saves apps to your acount so u can install them to you other devices
Much better performance.  Not choppy anymore.
Doesn't run too smooth on wildfire
Where are the updates that the iOS versions got ages ago!?
Where are our updates? Don't android users pay like iPhone users?
Where are our updates? Don't android users pay like iPhone users?
I have played this game for Xbox, iPod, the arcade version, and now my HTC Inspire 4G. I just wish it had multiplayer and the POMEGRANATE. Please add!
I have played this game for Xbox, iPod, the arcade version, and now my HTC Inspire 4G. I just wish it had multiplayer and the POMEGRANATE. Please add!
Needs to be updated! I paid for this app so update it!
Runs smoothly on HTC Sensation, but the app needs an update for qHD resolution as it looks stretched. Other than that, great app!
What's the difference between this and the free version???
Difficulty settings should be added. I hate how slow it is after starting over from like 900+
Difficulty settings should be added. I hate how slow it is after starting over from like 900+
Where is the pomegranate??
I love the additions to the game. Lots o fun.
This is agreta game but it needs new blades like the ipod version. Four stars..... Update for five
Please update!
Please update!
Boring teachers = Fruit Ninja
I really don't know what it is about this game that makes it so addictive. It's like there's a never ending need to best your previous score.
Love it! Would be better if the Zen version had no timer. Could just keep going and going!
Update needed... and is super leggy on DROID X... a phone more than capable of running it
Its a great game but it needs the same update as the iPhone. Also needs to be able to carry over scores when updated.
Good graphics. Gameplay is fun but repetitive.
Good graphics. Gameplay is fun but repetitive.
Why don't we android users have the pomegranite, only reason this is not a five star rating. Please include the pomegranite.
This app on my iPod touch has WAY more cool stuff on it than this. Pleas update! Otherwise, of course it's a fantastic game. HTC Inspire 4G
I pull this app up way more often then I thought I would. The unlockables add decent replay value, but slicing up juicy fruit is the true incentive!
Very entertaining game, BUT the Apple version is better, arcade mode missong the giant fruit at the end.
Stop crying because u can't get your update, go play something else, some people r never happy. Yes an update would be nice.
One of the best android games available, no BS
not as full featured as ipodtouch version but still challenging. u could definitely spend all night playing this.
Best game ever
This is a very fun game, but as many people are saying may need an update... Needs: more blade and background choices, and pomegranate arcade ending.
Worth the $$$ Kinda hard to play at times with my mesmerize but I finally got a score higher than 601 :)
The free version has more swords and backgrounds??! Why did I pay for this? Please update!
A total waste of money - very slow to load if at all and very unresponsive - practically unplayable! Much better & more fun on iPhone.
Only half of my screen works. The left side responds only sometimes and then the right side doesn't even slice. Come on!
laggy on Dell Streak.
I had the free version of this game, and the free version has more content than the paid one! At least make the paid version better than the free one.
I had the free version of this game, and the free version has more content than the paid one! At least make the paid version better than the free one.
I recently upgraded to a samsung galaxy s2 from an htc wildfire, the game is amazing on the large screen. But why so few blades. The ios one has more.
Great game concept but the graphics could use some updating. Other than the slightly outdated graphics, it's a super fun and addicting game!
Simple concept, great execution. Very "professional" look. But it gets old fast.
Simple concept, great execution. Very "professional" look. But it gets old fast.
Worth buying for sure.
Why is the peformance so choppy? The more fruit that comes into play, the worse the graphics get and slower performance. Needs some tweaking!!
Works well on the Droid X but there aren't as much features as there are on the iPhone version >:O
Needs to be updated less than apples version but overall pretty solid also better graphics inspire
Does not have the Bonus Fruit at the final seconds of the round like the iPhone does. bummer
I tried the free version first, the free version has fruit trails you can activated in the menu, gone in full version... paid is older version... wtf
Awesome, but wondering why the iOS version has more features.
Great game, worth the price, but it hasn't been updated in a while...I don't get why, since the update material itself already exists on the iphone.
I love this game!!!!!! But it is long overdue for an update. Why does the free version have so many more unlockables than the paid version?
This is my only paid app. It's very fun and I was addicted for several months with trying to beat my prior scores. However, arcade mode is the mode I play and it unfortunately comes down to luck -- how many bonus bananas are offered in a single round. Wish it were balanced. I eventually hit 867. It seemed I'd never beat it so I've stopped playing. Zen mode is too hard to get a high score and original mode takes too long. On my phone, LG Optimus V, the game can run a little choppy. You can't swipe too fast.
Love it. My kids love it.
Would get 5 if it had the features of thee iPhone version come on update
This would get 5 stars if it had all the features of the iPhone version. Game is amazing and addictive though
Great time waster, but could use higher resolution graphics. A bit blurry on Galaxy S2. Definately worth the price though.
I have this game on my iPad and 2 iphone 4 and it looked amazing on them. This android version is subpar! It badly needs an update that supports qHD!
A well put together app with very polished game play and excellent integration with open feint which has you coming back to play over & over.
Update for pomagranate! Also please adjust resolution on the EVO 3d's 4.3 in qHD screen, but overall a great app.
There are better games to spend your cash on, but if you looking for the ideal pick up and play game, this is up there with the best.
Lags on HTC sensation
Terrible lag on MyTouch 3G and needs an update. Love it on ipad. Hate it on MyTouch
Not dual-core optimized. My Droid 3 has a better processor and GPU then the Droid 1 (obviously) and it lags more then it did.... fix it.
The game downloaded fine but I keep getting a 404 error I want a refund don't download
There's an issue opening with Samsung GalaxyS. Also doesn't have the same features as iphone like the pomegranate. Please update.
I love this game! Very high quality graphics!
It's great! But please update it like the iphone version! 4* because iphone version is so much better
Awesome game very addictive
Awesome
I love it but wish I could play against friends with an iPhone. I either dont know what to do or they have a different version.
I love this game so much!!! Sometimes its a little slow.. but its so much fun!
I am starting to get annoyed with this game....... the iphones have the new pomeganate update and it is much crisper..... Please update!!!
This game is really good! Took a few goes for it to actually successfully install though.
This game is really good! Took a few goes for it to actually successfully install though.
Halfbrick is a quality studio and this is a quality game. You asshats that rated it 1 star talking about an update... Seriously? Asshats all of you
we need update same as iphone
we need update same as iphone
Great game. Addicting. Only problem is there isnt an update. Not in sync with it's ipod counterpart
Great game. Addicting. Only problem is there isnt an update. Not in sync with it's ipod counterpart
Used to be smooth but now it's such a lagfest. Unplayable really which is a shame as this game is so much fun.
Used to be smooth but now it's such a lagfest. Unplayable really which is a shame as this game is so much fun.
Good game but agree with other Android users...many many more features if on iPhone. Unfair, misleading and dissapointing that they do that to Droids
Good game but agree with other Android users...many many more features if on iPhone. Unfair, misleading and dissapointing that they do that to Droids
Only reason is no multiplayer! IPhone has it for months about time android did too! Had i know we are second grade consumers I'd have asked for a ref
This is a fun game BUT there are better free games in the market. Would give 5 stars if it was free.
This is a fun game BUT there are better free games in the market. Would give 5 stars if it was free.
This is a fun game BUT there are better free games in the market. Would give 5 stars if it was free.
One of the best time killers game. 3 different versions to keep you occupied for long hours .
Pause menu is inconvenient during gameplay. Worth a dollar, not much else. HTC inspire
It's had one minor update in almost a year...its just a cash cow for a greedy company that doesn't care...
It's had one minor update in almost a year...its just a cash cow for a greedy company that doesn't care...
Love the game but I am going to have to agree with the rest of crowd need a serious update!?!?! Seriously I'm about to go get me an iphone instead, BS
Needs to be updated and include everything the iPhone version has... there is also a big quality difference between the two, Android being worse.
Needs to be updated and include everything the iPhone version has... there is also a big quality difference between the two, Android being worse.
I think from here on out we all should say update! maybe then they will start to care about us android users! UPDATE UPDATE!
I think from here on out we all should say update! maybe then they will start to care about us android users! UPDATE UPDATE!
Omg its been a while since the last update!! Update then it's back to 5 stars.
more updates needed like ios and it lags a bit compared to the ios version needs to be smoother
Works great on the HTC Thunderbolt. Well worth the money for how addictive it is.
Ok I don't know wat happened but this game has gotten some serious lag. I only have 5 other apps on my phone at the moment so I have plenty of memory
Ok I don't know wat happened but this game has gotten some serious lag. I only have 5 other apps on my phone at the moment so I have plenty of memory
Love this app, however it's disappointing when my friends with iPhones get updates weeks before I do.
Love this app, however it's disappointing when my friends with iPhones get updates weeks before I do.
Horrible lag. Constanly freezes. Needs a update or the ratings a 1. Im glad theres finally arcade mode though.
Great way to pass the time, fun and addicting. Samsung epic 4g, android 2.2.1, ec05
Fun game. Very addictive. A bit laggy on X10. Please update for iPhone version blades and backgrounds!
Wonderful addictive game, but three of the achievements won't unlock. It won't let me get the Night Shift, Perfectionist, and Connected Ninja.
Pretty fun to chop up fruit.
I have hadthis game since january and there hasn't been an update the developers obviously don't care about droid users
Does not work on droid x ... Iphone works well. But makes me doubt if it works on kinect too...
Does not work on droid x ... Iphone works well. But makes me doubt if it works on kinect too...
Not as many blades and no multiplayer like ipod. Don't know why 5 stars if fixed....
Running lag free on CM7 for ZTE Blade after being unplayable on froyo. Blade users get Cyanogen!
Fun game, but a little blotchy and not as many blades as the iPhone. So the iPhone is better once again....
Feint not working, still kind of glitches every now and then, overall still good game.
Amazing game.. too addictive.. would give it 5 *'s but very slow compared to on the i phone.. please fixxx. Android
Please update this game soon it play so much better on the xoom then on my Droid x.
Downgraded to 4 stars, no updates, no random multiplayer, can't earn all achievements due to missing functions. Still fun but expect more
Had 5 stars now 3 wheres the updates? Forget iphone they have enough dont forget us droids!
i was charged an additional 2$ for this app. what gives? also, laggy on xperia
This game is the perfect game to kill time. Its fun, addicting and just all around good game. Works perfect on my HTC Evo
This game is the perfect game to kill time. Its fun, addicting and just all around good game. Works perfect on my HTC Evo
Fun app but iPhone has a multiplayer mode for friends what's up with the android users version, I would like to think we could keep up with them ?
Fun app but iPhone has a multiplayer mode for friends what's up with the android users version, I would like to think we could keep up with them ?
Lots of fun for a quick game to kill a few minutes. Works great on my samsung intercept.
Lots of fun for a quick game to kill a few minutes. Works great on my samsung intercept.
This is the worst game I've played . It constantly freezes . Played it on the iPhone and it was brilliant, was better off buying a kit kat for the cas
It's wicked addictive. Not as smooth as ipod versions
Doesnt recognize everytime I try to swipe. Used to work great. - Glacier 2.3.4 CM
Doesnt recognize everytime I try to swipe. Used to work great. - Glacier 2.3.4 CM
Doesnt recognize everytime I try to swipe. Used to work great. - Glacier 2.3.4 CM
Really love the game, dosnt fore close on my phone,has never lagged...but all we need is the updates and the new blades like on he iphone version
Its fun and highly addicting, but feint portion slows game and phone down, eats battery life, and takes up spoon much memory!
A great game but it doesnt have all the features the iPhone version has. It gets a little redundant.
Great little game, runs fast and has great visuals. Nice way to kill time and different game modes to keep you entertained. Worth it! Droid X, 2.3.3
Touch is unresponsive. At first I thought it was my screen but no other apps or games have a problem with my touch input.
Need an update for Galaxy Tab to fit it's resolution and improve game speed then 5 stars.
This is a surprisingly good port of the iPod version. It's still missing some content, however.
This is a surprisingly good port of the iPod version. It's still missing some content, however.
How bout some of those content updates that iOS is getting that I keep hearing about?
Its gd but it is a bit slow and on smaller screens is harder 2 play on.
Could you give a lite version so that we can check operability of our devices? Android has different hardware per phone, more diverse than iphones do.
Fun but too laggy on my samsung transform when there are a lot of fruits and bombs.
This narrative makes no sense...what are you, a ninja game or a fruit game?! You clearly don't know what you are 'we all know ninja's hate fruit'...
Excellent game but does not have multiplayer like iphone and its a bit blurry. Desire HD.
Excellent game but does not have multiplayer like iphone and its a bit blurry. Desire HD.
Runs fine on my HTC incredible. Wish you could turn off feint though like you can in other games, would fix a lot of the speed problems in comments.
Great casual game, but i think that we need updates, at least the ios ones ...
Great casual game, but i think that we need updates, at least the ios ones ...
Great casual game, but i think that we need updates, at least the ios ones ...
Seriously guys... this game looks like dog stuff compared to the i-phone. I have a motorola droid that should play this game just fine and it doesn't. Before you charge people for your crappy release of your game fix it first through a demo or at least verify that it is fun to play on certain phones. Very disappointed and will be getting a refund. Issues: The resolution blows, the sword has lag and makes me hit bombs non-stop, sound is delayed ....on and on. PLEASE FIX THE GAME FOR THE REST OF US!!!!!
So addictive! Wish there were levels not just beating best score but still super fun and colorful! galaxy tab
Great game! I unlocked all blades in 1 sec using the ninja fruit unlocker app. Desire
Nice game, could do with a little more variation in gameplay modes. Really love the fruit facts!
Nice game, could do with a little more variation in gameplay modes. Really love the fruit facts!
Needs more game play modes.
Works great and very addicting but I really miss all the other cool blades and backgrounds from the OS version...please update!!!!!!!
Please, HalfBrick, add the rest of the blades and backgrounds you held back from the Android version! I want to get the shadow blade but no... Stingy.
Awesome and way fun!! Fun to compete for high score with friends!! Works like a charm!! Needs more things to unlock though-incredible
Works awesome on Droid inc. People, quit complaining that this game won't play on your antique phone... upgrade.
THis app is too slow, I would swipe to cut the fruit and the swipe was delayed so I would miss the fruit entirely.
Please update for android, my friend has an I phone and has way more stuff. Please update for Android.
Fun game, but consistently runs like hell, even on my droid 2 oc'ed to 1.25ghz.
I love this game so much! Its a real shame there are so many lame knock offs on the market
Amazing how these idiots complain about instability in a custom beta ROM. If you don't like it go back to stock. Don't blame the app devs. Evo CM7.
Addictive game... but not happy it was advertised for 79p but actually cost £2.03...
Great game but my friends have it for the itouch and have more blades backgrounds and MULTIPLAYER. Update please
Game is great but iphone users get more blades to unlock. Makes it not worth it to play anymore. Huge fail.
It wont install on motorola desire... i seen it on a review and really wanted to play it. Deva can you help me or is it time for a refund
Runs well EVO 4g. No lag.
My grandkids drive me crazy when they come to visit as they always want to play this game.
My grandkids drive me crazy when they come to visit as they always want to play this game.
Awesome and addictive game. Plays incredibly smooth with beautiful graphics. Definite download. HTC Thunderbolt.
Battery hog, sound often drops out & game ends without recording score/achievements (on samsung galaxy s), but otherwise great :)
Great game, pretty fun. Only problem is it has no multiplayer like the apple version. Update maybe?
Great game, pretty fun. Only problem is it has no multiplayer like the apple version. Update maybe?
Great game! Graphics are good on mytouch 3g slide but it takes up a lot of space. :(
Anyone else having a problem with the sound effects not working on combo strikes sometimes?
Simple game, but high scores and unlocks make me come back for more all the time, not to mention the different modes. Just up the resolution!
Simple game, but high scores and unlocks make me come back for more all the time, not to mention the different modes. Just up the resolution!
I love it on iPad, but it's unresponsive on Nexus One. Cut comes way too late to be fun. Unfortunately I had to ask for refund :(
What a cool little game, can't stop playing it. Great graphics, simple concept, addictive as all hell. And FUN!
This is a fab game. Very addicting. Makes you want to eat fruit...lol...great game...worth it!!!!! Suzyq
Doesn't allow you to create an account and play with others like iphone does but still a fun game.
Fun and addictive, and my 3yo loves it. Wish it had a perpetual mode for him, though, in addition to the 90-sec Zen mode.
Please update support for high end phones like the nexus s. Like better performance and graphics.
Absolutely amazing game. Highly addictive. But screen feels better on iphone and itouch
It wont download for me and it said i bought it. 5* wen i can finish download
Before i didnt have problem but lately after last update it started to not reconize touch input so i have to force the stop the app all the time. I paid for this app and sucks not working well.
Love the game, second time I bought it. Looked way better on my iPod touch :/
Great game, but sometimes it doesnt slice the fruit when i touch and swipe my screen? (Mini pro) Anyone got any help please?
Love this game! But it freezes sometimes... probably works best with faster androids. I have a xperia x8...
Works good & it's fun, but too bad the iphone version seems to be the only one they care about...
Amazing, 5 stars , very fun and addictive, it also gets great performance, Phone: The HTC Aria , Android 2.2 ( Froyo )
Amazing, 5 stars , very fun and addictive, it also gets great performance, Phone: The HTC Aria , Android 2.2 ( Froyo )
Love this game.....however not picking up all my moves.....but highly addictive :)
I would'be give this game 5 stars, but lately is not sensing my moves across the screen, causing Nero loose a lots of points. Please fix this.
I would'be give this game 5 stars, but lately is not sensing my moves across the screen, causing Nero loose a lots of points. Please fix this.
I would'be give this game 5 stars, but lately is not sensing my moves across the screen, causing Nero loose a lots of points. Please fix this.
I would'be give this game 5 stars, but lately is not sensing my moves across the screen, causing Nero loose a lots of points. Please fix this.
always a fun one to pass time, but why should I have to pay over 3 bucks for the THD version? seriously?
always a fun one to pass time, but why should I have to pay over 3 bucks for the THD version? seriously?
To slow to run on HTC wildfire. Not able to get refund???? Even with the new update. Should indicate what CPU is needed
Its a good game, but we android users always seem to be updated about 2 months after iPhone users. Update simaltaniously!!!
More resolution! Doesn't look as good as the ipod version. Still as addicting though. Xperia x10
It lags a bit. Can't be my CPU. I have a 1GHz Snapdragon. It also doesn't look good visually. Reduce the lag and increase the resolution
This is a great time killer. Definately one of the best games on the market. Well worth the price.
This is a great time killer. Definately one of the best games on the market. Well worth the price.
This is a great time killer. Definately one of the best games on the market. Well worth the price.
Kept me busy for maybe 15 mins.
I have this game on my iPad also, and now on my HTC desire. Glad it available on both platforms.
I have this game on my iPad also, and now on my HTC desire. Glad it available on both platforms.
Works great and very happy to get multitouch support. Leaderboards are cross platform with iOS too!
Awesome timewaster, way too fun & addicting.luv sounds.Devours cpu &battery. Cant install to sd on Tmobile phones.
I like it, but my 7 year old loves it :)
Acted weird once moved to SD and wouldn't update. Possibly corruption on my part tho. Aka not ejecting drive from Windows.
Love arcade mode but ever since last update it lags really bad and freezes up mid game all the time. Please fix the lag! Love the game besides that.
Love the game, no problems at all, just wish I could find iphone friends on feint. Samsung captivate
Thanks so much for bringing the Android version up to par with the apple one!
I would give this 5 stars for performance and addictive gameplay, just a shame that feint doesn't work. If this is fixed then 5 stars.
I would give this 5 stars for performance and addictive gameplay, just a shame that feint doesn't work. If this is fixed then 5 stars.
I would give this 5 stars for performance and addictive gameplay, just a shame that feint doesn't work. If this is fixed then 5 stars.
I would give this 5 stars for performance and addictive gameplay, just a shame that feint doesn't work. If this is fixed then 5 stars.
I would give this 5 stars for performance and addictive gameplay, just a shame that feint doesn't work. If this is fixed then 5 stars.
A lot better with arcade mode, and the game runs smoother now. But not the greatest resolution on captivate.
Awesome game
Omg pomargranet soooooooooo cooool
I'm ninja at this
Love this game had it since my g1. It's amazing on galaxy S 3
It's a great game to kill time with I am very pleased except for the ads in the rewards section.
great game but the ipad version is better
VERY VERY ADDICTING! FRIGGN LOVE IT!!
I would rate it a 4 star as I usually do to the developers who makes same apps differently for iOS and Android OS. But i do understand that to make things in Android is not easy as developers have to deal with lots of devices. Hence a 5 star
I love it
Really fun
I love this game but I saw that there was an update that came out on the apple market that isn't out on the android market if you guys could get that out soon thanks
FRUIT NINJA IT IS INCREDIBLE
Multi-touch doesn't fully work (only one or two fingers, not the full for our five that other versions support).   Open feint needs to go.   Need to add the rest of the game functionality that is supposed to be here in other versions of this game (rewards and such).  Great casual game, but needs update attention.
Rock on
This is on heck of a fun and enjoyable game over and over again!
Do ur self a favor and get atleast the free app. Its addicting, there are a lot of incentives like cool blades and awesome backgrounds to keep you playing. I HIGHLY suggest  it ps ariana grande is pretty
Super addictive!
Awesome awesome awesome!!! Friggin awesome!
Although I think that the upgrades shop should be integrated within game. The marketplace is not working! Thats annoying. Can you fix it please?
you dont get all of the stuff you paid for like pecha time they dont have that on andorid
You can shove those permissions where the sun don't shine.
You can shove those permissions where the sun don't shine.
I love playing
Awesome game
Me and my gf are always betting on this haha
Fun
I love this game.  I have won with the highest score among my friends, and I won many rewards from my Friends   Anyhow, the multiplyer wont work
Obviously a classic! Fruit Ninja has climbed up the ladder of fame!  The sounds of the forest while hearing the unmistakeable splatter of fruit being sliced is so satisfactory!  Although, I've noticed that the anniversary update has not yet taken place on Google Play!  I hope to be seeing starfruit soon!  -- Michael.
Woo
Love getting my slice on
Hey it updated!
I got the shadow blade when i try to select it fruit ninja forcecloses
Sweet this game is awesome
This is the best game ever great for all ages:-) !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Great time killer and overall a good game!!  But on my Galaxy S3, the touch screen latancy is huge!!!  Please fix.  iPhone 4 works perfect.
Most addicting game ever
The free version is actually better. Do not get!!!
lol
So addictive
Super
Cool multiplayer
I thought this was a really fun game but I could not get the online multiplayer to work
But uninstalled when it wanted phone id... I like my games to remain impersonal :-)
It will not get past the developer logo making it unplayable seeing that I paid for this makes it unacceptable 0/5 stars even tho I had to put one star to post this
It will not get past the developer logo making it unplayable seeing that I paid for this makes it unacceptable 0/5 stars even tho I had to put one star to post this
When will u give updates for android..??
Lost all my data had all blades and backrounds fix right away
very good
This game is awsome
Awsome
Really great game
Can't stop playing this game
Ninja! :3
Great cant quit playing
Great
Sexiest game ever
This game is so fun! I give it 5 stars!
Awesome!!!!! Recommend everyone buying!!!:D
Its a good game but there shoud have five modes like one with 3 frenzys at once
I LOVE this game!!!!! Sooooooooooooooooooooo ooooooooooooooooooo much fun!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   Nothing wrong with it that I know of.  Adicting!
I love this game it is extremely addicting and the graphics are amazing yet the ios version is way ahead with star fruit and everything, why no update for Android?
i conpleted it in one day  even 5 day blade i got it to day 25/7/12
Awsom!!!!
Loved the free so paying the $1.22 to see the full version
I love this game! So addicting!
Awesome game
So addictive !! The free one is crap this one has it all. Best game on this.
Trying to run this game on 4.1.1 Jelly bean only to have the game crash soon after starting up. Anyone else with the same problem?
Awesome!
Awesome!
Epix
It's really a great game but i bought the paid version and didnt get the new backgrounds and blades overall great game make the special fruit appear more often would be nice
very good game hd is brillant and the game is very smooth get this game plz add star fruit and new blades and backrounds it would really help the game thanks for reading!
Man up you guys. Who cares about adds just ignore them. Oh and epic game you guys:)
Why have more stuff in the free version? That's a bit misleading...
Zbbbb ni v Tbh hm
It fun to play with. My son love it
I loved this app on my iPod. Now, it's even better on my Samsung galaxy nexus' huge screen!
The original and still the best great graphics runs smoothly the only other slice and dice game that ran smoother than this game was camels kitchen but I like this game better I have tried all other fruit slice games and none are as good as this one is this is probably the only fruit slicing game on the market that is multi-touch.
Game is awesome... but I suggest infinity mode with toddler lock... my 2 years old munchkin can play this game for hours... toddler lock is a combination of corners to exit a mode.
Love this game...
I love this game, and I just declined the OPTION to get rewards. I just want to know when android users will get starfruit put into our game.
Now it works well..thanks alot..
Excellent time waster for a few seconds or hours (of would be homework :P )
Lets get real here, the ios version has more bonus things to cut up, the splatters are more eye catching, android demands thes
Previously, the OpenFeint included was annoying but the fun gameplay made it bearable. However, with the new Beintoo rewards system the game is now downright unplayable, with laggy screens and even more useless files in the SD card. I stress that that this is in the PAID version, a version I gave money expecting a smooth, ad-free experience.  Honestly, the cheap knock-offs of this game seems more appealing, and I implore potential buyers to get those instead.
Loving the game
Update more
It is a super fun game... Totally addicted to it...  Enjoy...
This is a great game
I love this game but when will the star fruit update be avalible hope soon let me know
This game is amazing no laging and 2 player is very good
Pleassse update I love this game but I finished all the quests and now its boring , my boyfriend has the iPhone aNd hes gotten two updates since this one
I've been playing this game forever since it first came out. Still lots of fun and and a great way to kill time. Lots of cool stuff too like all the blades you can unlock. Worth the dollar
It ...........................................Zzzzzzzzzz it takes to long to download
There was a time in my life when I would have laughed if you told me I would enjoy slashing fruits with an imaginary sword on a phone more powerful than my first 2 computers combined. Thank God that time has passed. Rooted RAZR.
So fun I can't describe it
this is by far one of the funnest games I've ever played! the only thing is for some reason when I go to play classic, arcade, or zen mode right when I slice the fruit to play, the game freezes for 6 or 7 seconds before I can play. not sure what's up, but I definitely don't want to un-install then re-install, so please fix soon! other than that, love it :)
Great
All i ask is please release the new update with the store and the new blades like the one on ios
I love it!
Awesome
Love it! Rezound
Great fun  n love it.
Its fruit ninja what would you expect
لعبه جميله جديره بالشراء.
Ppl ur on loods the game is lot better then the demo at least u can play the game
I just wish this was more...you know...HD. Lol.
Fun
Fun
It is cool
I love this game on both my phone and my Xbox 360 w/Kinect!
Still one of the greatest games on mobile.
Loved everything about it. Yay!
Awesome.
Love this game no I love this game
Love this game no I love this game
Fantastic addition to my collection of apps on the HTC Sensation. Odd that the paid Android version gets updated last... It's been a month since the Gutsu update was released, but mine's still not patched. Does Halfbrick not want us to buy their full versions?
I love it
Is it just me or is the fruit store not workin?
Sucks
They fixed it.
Love the game my only regret to buying it is that the gane constantly freezes in the middle of game play!! Ur messin with my combos man!! Please please fix! >-O
So I finally buy the game to get rid of ads thanks to the stupid "rewards" crap plus you can't even play versus on the android version
Nice
Update update update update update update update update!!!!!!!!
What can I say, this is amazing games. I can't stop playing right now
Fruit ninja is a fun game to play all day and it is a fun time to play never stop playing it is awsome i love play it all day it is fun man it fun it is freking awsome to play and yo you be slceing the pomerenate fruit it is awsom we for real i like to do that you freken      Slice crazy it cool man i am downloading it it is a  asweome for real it is a fun thing to do all day long man when you slice the pomgrante y can get 55 hits if you slice with 2 fingers thats more easy that way i love it all right  now
Was wonderful, the new update though blocks all text. 5 stars after fix. Arcade is amazing. HTC Hero AospMod 9.9.2 App V. 1.5.2
This games so addicting!! Love it
Game is great, but I pallid so I would not have adds and pop ups.. I don't want you stupid "rewards" that are just cheap junk advertisements.. it stops the game and is a real pain in the butt
Fruit ninja is the best game of all time!!!!!!!!!
Multiplayer needs work and ads need to be removed
Keeps him busy at the store so I can shop. No more tantrums to leave the store at all. Thanks fruit ninja :D
I love arcade mode.
This is The. Best game ever
Awesome game with great graphics.
Android classic.
Android classic.
I love fruit ninja its so fun to beat ur old records ts amazing
I love this game some blades a little harder to earn than others but so AWESOME!!!!
I can deal w the ads, which are ridiculous for the paid version.... But after update the game freezes CONSTANTLY on a brand new Droid razr maxx.  Lame.  Before the update you had 5 stars.
Great app
Online mode not working on HTC Desire HD.
love it
Good
I ♥ this game! :D
I ♥ this game! :D
All I can say is,  nice!
Just awesome
Excellent game too play you can get hooked.
Are you serious? This is the paid version with ads as rewards! WTF!
I totally have a good time with this!
Love fruit  =-O
Its slow on my LG optimus.
Fun and challenging game
Fun and challenging game
Great game works fine, but why is the ios version so much better?! Not cool halfbrick.
Best game to pass the time on an android
I cant slice fruit. Thet is extreme delay on the blade. I swype across the screen and it shows up 4 seconds later
Need an update like in iOS version. There is no update for long time
I have several games on my phone but this one takes the cake!
awesomely better
Yah
Wow the lite version have more swords then the paid version I have both
The best game I've ever played, but I saw my mate on IOS and theres an update with starfruit! Please add this to Android!!!
Love this game.  It has always worked for me no matter what phone I was using at the time.  Has always been fast and responsive from my OG Droid to my Galaxy Nexus.  Also very fun to play when I'm bored.
Tốt. Khá mượt
This is da bomb!
Great game! :)
it's quick it's challenging its never the same just a slice of awesomness mobile gaming needs and Just as playable on my HTC one v as it was on my iPhone, looking forward to the fruity powerups that have landed on ISO version great fun,
THANK U
THANK U
Best game ever.
It is a really fun game for all ages
Paid for no ads, get ads in the game and now targeting me through the browser... flipping rediculous
I love this game, BUT it's seriously uncool to put ads in the paid version! That's the whole reason I got rid of the free version!
I LOVE THIS GAME!
When is vegetable karate coming out?
:D
Epic
why are people complaining when you can just go o the rewards and click "i don't want to play & earn rewards" plus in order to see the rewards you have to sign in to beintoo, on top of that i haven't seen any ads and their aren't any at the end of each game, my multiplayer works great, it doesn't lag, and most importantly NO ADS
Is there more content on the free version?
so the ios got an update, but where's ours?
Slice a fruit,
You don't need to loop.
Just slice in seconds:two
You have to do!
-----------------------------------
Very cool app!
SLICE IT!!!
Better graphics, better control
Its gd u launched a update but WHY with ads better to buy free version this is cheating and better not to update.yoo are just LOsing money by this as people wint buy the paid version by reading our reviews.was a grt game but now it has ads
Thank you for removing those invasive permissions (hope that you will remove a few more). I now have updated and will start playing :-)
Works perfect now better then iPhone
Great time waster
Title says it all
Need to fix ics4 option button.
Need to fix ics4 option button.
It's awesome! Get it now!!!!
Turning off "rewards" still makes ads show up on your paid version of the game.
GREAT
Very fun game, HalfBrick u guys should put jetpack joyride on the play Store
Just got the anniversary update on my ipod. Looking forward for it to come to android
Just got the anniversary update on my ipod. Looking forward for it to come to android
Halfbrick isn't getting lazy. They have a long list of projects they have to get done. You can turn off "rewards." Calm down
Classic game!
Runs smooth now, full blades, much better
How do you guys release a multiplayer update that never works? I have always gotten a network error. And it STILL hasn't been fixed. Not to mention the fact that the iphone version is lightyears ahead in content.
And update apps here and give us the latest apps eg jetpack joyride and the new gutsu fruit ninja
Great app, that I don't use all of the time... kinda gets boring like every other game I have on here
MY 4 YEAR OLD BOY LOVES IT
Awesome game. I'm addicted.
I would pay like 20 bucks for this game if it came to it XD
I like that
It's awesome
fpcyjkiov
Love this
G S
Wth? I paid for this app, why do I now have to deal with ads for vouchers? Get rid of the "rewards" system
This is such a great app i have no issues with buggs it is hours of entertainment and is great when killing time 5 stars from me
Although still buggy on my HTC one X, its super fun! Fix it then perfect already.
Addictive...VEEERY
Keep up the great job!
best game out there
Ads in paid version??? Really?
new upgrade bombards you with ads. all I'm looking for is clean, uninterrupted game play.. I dont think that's too much to ask for, especially when I've already paid for it.
I love it I could play all day!
Love this Game
Love this game...u can play arcade mode or regular...way better than other games!
Super!!!
Well its deffs better than the free version it doesnt freeze or come up with adds
Great for all ages
Its just too fun
Great game, but very short lived...new game modes would be nice, please update soon.
Totally worth getting this. I never knew this full version had multiplayer at first. I play this very often. I recommend getting this.
Awesome
I love this game! Very addicting! Online vs mode does not work. Also they should add a lightning blade. Other that. This game is perfect.
This game is so addictive! I don't have any problems with ads, they don't show up for me :D
Thanks for the update, the graphics are much improved and for the extra blade finally yeahhhh...Xperia Arc S
Awesome. I love it and my nieces love it. Super easy and fun!
No explanation of why this program needs to know my location.
Why is the version I paid for only 1.5.4 when the free version is 1.6.2?
I like chease
Awsome
Ads in paid version? No thanks. Uninstalled.
Love it
Great way to pass time
Tight controls, great music, and having an excuse to make ninja sounds. What's not to like?
After the update, finally fun again
Good game sony walman z
Tuu om hää ajaviitess
Tuu om hää ajaviitess
Uhh
Best game ever but lags if you get a combo blitz. Thanx for readingB-)
The game freezes frequently for about 5 seconds at at time and ads In a paid app is intolerable.   Fix these things and its 5 stars.
I love this game but it has been  force closing for the past few days. I've uninstalled & downloaded a few times & it still doesn't work. :(
Love this game
Very good game I love it
Stuff the people who think otherwise.
It was only a dollar... and fun!
Best game eva
Great game I love it!
Get a network error on multiplayer says connection failed
Love to play it. Worth the money
I love this game
Great fun
Simple and fun way to pass time
Love it
Great... Addictive
Do I need to say anymore. Sort your stuff out halfbrick honestly :'(
This game is a lot of fun. Highly recommended!
I like this game a lot moor now there are no more ads
Awesome game
I cant stop playing its soooooo adicting
Hours of fun, a must have game!!
Ads in the paid version? What the hell! Sort it out, your customers (the people you exist for) are being undermined.
The best!!!!
Needs more blades and backgrounds. Also a way to disable the voucher adds.  Great game, love it just sort the above and it will deserve 6 stars :L
Ads on paid version? Shame on you Dev.. I'd like a REFUND please as I'm NOT into paying for ads.. Pathetic!
Forcing ad/voucher promotion in a paid app with no option to opt out? Not gonna buy/support a single app from this dev in future
I freaking love this game so much I can play it for hours ....!!!! :)
This is my life.... awkward but true
The game is very addictive and has many different options (ie swords, backgrounds, etc.) but ever since the update and online mode was added, the game will constantly freeze and come back.. Please advise! Droid Razr and Bionic user.
Love it
My only complaint is there seems to be no one online
You've fixed the atrix's performance! Great! The pomegranate is also a good addition
Great game but it freezes and I have to take out the battery. Needs update too
Yea coo
Super
Its very entertaining and addicting.would recommend to others but everyone already has it haha
i love this game.
Great
THE BEST!!!!!!!!!!!!
Please stop me from playin  this game... n yes its totally wworth the $s
So this game is so fun and addicting and totally worth it i have than LG Revolution 4G it runs well i am hoping to get an update with new stuffs
Love to slice!!!
Users that pay for a game shouldn't be bothered by ads. Simple as that
This game is SICK keep up the good work!
Extremely fun, addictive, and enticing! It's such a fun challenge to unlock new blades and background. Worth buying!
Amazing game love it
I love this game but all day today  it has been crashing on my xperia x10
At a cheap price
Great game
Great time passer.
good game no adds now so far .cheers nigel
great
I'll give it 5 stars when they put up more sensei swag. iphone has 13 blades
The best
Guys, don't be put off by the other reviews! On my Galaxy ace, it doesn't freeze, and there are no ads! I guess they updated it, but you should definately get this game!
Very addictive, recommend it for all ages.
HYFR get this to addicting bro!!!!!!
Omg! I seriously cant get enough of this game. Now I just wish theyd add new backgrounds for me to unlock!
I love unlocking things
Great game
The game is running fine on my HTC Desire. Haven't seen ads....
The game is running fine on my HTC Desire. Haven't seen ads....
Awesome game!!
One of the game you every android should have.
I don't know why slicing fruit and listening to it squelch is so satisfying. But it is. So play Fruit Ninja!
Keeps then kids busy
like it
Classic!!
Using Samsung note ... can't download update... why?... I paid for this app/game....
Reading reviews, looks like I won't update to a long awaited version... That has ads!
Highly addictive
The waiting is well worth!
Hiyaaaah !!
I love it!!
Beat every thing in just two hours. Hours of fun.
Finally updated. Brilliant.
Really fun app but why is there an update in the apple app store and no updates for android :-(
In Canada, I'm getting messages saying rewards aren't available in my area AFTER I finish the challenges. Not cool.
Love This Game
Yeah!!
Awsome
Not sure what ads other peeps refer to, game runs much smoother now despite the improved graphics.
Why can't I update, it says error 403 and I paid for it
Fruit.
Awesome addicting game
A must have game on andriod
Love it!!
If you get this game its good if you get ninja fruit unlocables because if you get enough unlock points you can get new games for free!
At last guys you updated it to make it better and no words to say about online play
Great for compeditive couples. I do believe this game has a mind of its own.
Thanks for the android x86 tablet support! Keep it up.
No ads doesn't freeze lgp500
This app is a very good app. One of the best I think!
Love it. Good way to pass time
Simply fun, a new classic.
Thank you for updating this great game :) I am looking forward for more updates to come! :-)
Great game! I Don't really care about the ads, so it's a great, addictive game.5/5	Oh wait..that was the title i was typing...
Great game. First app I actually bought!
Fun game in general but no pomegranate and less content than free version. This game needs some serious updating
The best game ever
Thank you, now the paid version is worth it! Up to date, and lots of fun. Worth the money, for sure.
No lagging and love the palmoagranite! Also love the new stuff i can get.Thx Half Brick!
Much Much Better:)) thx dev.:))
Great games
This is epic
Like everyone else complaining,  needs an update!
I LOVE THIS APP.GREAT VERY FUN.I HAVE A SAMSUNG MESMERIZE.I RECOMMEND IT TO ALL MY FRIENDS ON FACEBOOK. CHI-TOWN DJ. "DJ.M.SMOOTH".BLESSINGS & PEACE.
The update is fantastic. Just got 1155 on arcade mode. Thanks for bringing us the pomegranate!
Began to run slow. After update, fixes have earned 5 stars. Great job! Worth every penny.
Best game ever a must have :)
thank you for finally updataing and fixing the screen fit on phones love this game again (Galaxy S2 T-Mobile)
I r fruit slicing ninja of death
Thanks, fruit ninja is awesome.
After ages of waiting. The pomegranate comes along with the cracker blade! But y did it take so looong!!!!
Very good game. I love it!
Truly addicting super fun game. Needs update for 5 stars. No multiplayer...Updated! Yahoo! Multiplayer AND Pomegranite.  5 stars all the way!
Worth the price of admission.
Finally i can start playing again
Fruit Ninja graphics used to look so ugly compared to the iphone version. That used to be my only complaint until they finally fixed that problem. Good job Halfbrick.
Thank you guys! The update was sorely needed, and now the game also plays in full res in my HTC Sensation. Those two flaws were keeping me from buying the game until the update came along. And don't listen to those dumb persons who don't appreciate the fact that they can win useful, real-world stuff for free just by playing the game. People these days... Now if you could just bring over Jetpack Joyride and Monster Dash to Android, I'd be extremely happy :D thanks again for the update!
Cool
I really like how such a basic game can have so many rewards to work towards like unlocking new blades and backgrounds. Not only that but I find myself getting addicted because I want to keep trying to beat my own best scores.
It's about time the pomegranate comes to Android i mean it's been over a year since they made the update and now that they have its so much better.
My God!!! Thank you for the update after more than a year. The graphics is awesome on my galaxy note!!! I love playing it now!!!
Smooth GRAPHICS on my GN
Thanks
Almost certain this app is causing a memory leak. Lags while fruit is being slashed and the phone runs slow after exiting. Needs fine tuning. DInc.
Almost certain this app is causing a memory leak. Lags while fruit is being slashed and the phone runs slow after exiting. Needs fine tuning. DInc.
Excessive permissions.
Read subject, need to say more?
Why on earth has permissions changed to view my phone number and who I'm talking to? No thanks!
I love the POMEGRANATE !!!
before the latest update, all of my unlockables were gone and the game lagged quite a bit on my Samsung Captivate.  now, after the most recent update, all of my unlockables are back AND it doesnt lag anymore!!!
Finally an update
Working fine on Motorola RAZR...just fine...beintoo isn't necessarily needed :)
Amazing
I like it.
Now it's up to date with the iOS version, I'm happy. Keep the releases together! Fantastic game.
Love the game. Since update game icon missing from app list. Have to go through market to locate the game and play.
I love this game...
Permissions now fixed, thanks! Excellent game :-)
Awesome
Fun game.
UPDATED
I'm some addicted to this game
Great game and now includes all of the things iPhone has. Love it
thank god that pomagranet is on android  or at least upgraded!
Works well with pics !
Thanks
Sweet
Slicing fruit has never been this much fun :)
Passes time at work
Very nice game to split so time !!
Fun and fruity. Does what it says on the tin.
Fun and fruity. Does what it says on the tin.
I really love this! Its a constant competion with my Hubby and I who can get the  best score.
All the stuff that's on Ipod touch
funny
Addictive, colourful and great fun!
Love it
Love it
Addictive and a good way to pass time.
Every time I update it gets rid of all my ols scores and some of my blades and back grounds. It's very upsetting
Easy to play, works great on Droid X
Great game, great update, totally worth the buck spent.
Love it
this game is great the keeps me entertained while I ride on city train  .
Soooo much fun! If you're a brutal masochist, try playing the iOS or THD version to experience more features & surprisingly slower physics. Great!
OMG! This is the best add ever HTC Evo.
Update was sorely needed. Thank you.
Really laggy on vortex, so I put it on airplane mode, and it runs just fine!
Need I say more?
Ummmm DUH
With the update, the game looks great on my Galaxy S2 Skyrocket. Thank you. I thought you guys abandoned this game.
last update is awesome!
Even my 19 month old soon likes it
the pomegranet
Best app everrrrrr!!!!!!
Love it!
Finally
Game
Sick!!
This game is so addicting and I love it
This game is very fun and a great time waster!
Sweet
Love it
Very addictive
Great game!!!!!!!
It's great since they updated it,now it's like the iPhone verson.
Still an awesome game.
Fruit Ninja is a fun and very addicting game that I always like to play whenever I am bored. And now that we have the new update, it's 10x more fun!
Samurai jack lol
Thank you;-)
You updated AND I got my data back!
Amazing! One of the most addicting games ever, but could you guys perhaps make the icon less pixelated for higher-end phones? Thanks.
Woo
Yes!!
luv it!!..totally addictive!
Heheh and now we're talking!
This game is now fun again thanks definitely buy this
Thanks for the update. It brings new love back to fruit ninja again.
that fruit ninja is free forever andthey screwed us over
About time and nice graphics upgrade also :-D
About time and nice graphics upgrade also :-D
Better gameplay and graphic.
absolutely love it :) works perfectly, but the fient always pops up, and it needs more blades. overall awesome!! good job
Love it
Great, addicting game and has all the features now that it has been updated. Worth the money.
Yes! This update has made this game awesome!
Fixed permissions. Fun game.
The best game on android must buy! And please post more halfbrick!
The best game on android must buy! And please post more halfbrick!
It's good that you've removed some of the excessive new permissions but still a number of new permissions that may make sense for free advertising based games but not a paid game.  If you are going to add permissions you NEED to explicitly justify them on the app description and what's new, not give an obscure reference to a new, unexplained feature. Now I view you with suspicion and think at best you're trying to double dip - get paid for the app and then also advertisements. If you want to keep a good reputation, please thoroughly explain yourself, or offer refund for those of us opting out.
Fun game, looks great :D
Been waiting so long for this!
Love it!
... and fixed again. Thanks for listening
Thx for fixing permissions! 5 stars restored!
The update is here!
Top app games
changed: permissions now sort of acceptable, raised review from 1 star... still GPS is not needed.
changed: permissions now sort of acceptable, raised review from 1 star... still GPS is not needed.
great game now that its got the multiplayer and pomegranate
Can we get an update..?
Update - March 23rd, 2012 - Changed to 4 stars. Update to permissions were done by Halfbrick (Developer) where the need to access our camera functions and accessing our contact list was removed from the permission list.  The games can continue for my little 3 year old!  March 22, 2012 - My first review of an app - 1 star Like many others, I will not update with these drastic permission changes.  Permissions were changed so that your camera can be used and the app can use your contacts - Really?  Not for slicing fruit that's for sure!
so many permissions.wtf?
I have never seen an update this AMAZING! its just as fast and smooth as ios and has better graphics and a new game mode!
So you pay for a game so that you don't have to see ads. So the game decides to call the ads rewards... Right.  I really loved this game before the update and when I saw you got rewards for your fruit Ninja score I was excited because I thought I could unlock more in game swords or backgrounds but instead you earn an advertisement? In what planet is that acceptable?
Thanks for responding to user concerns over permissions so quickly.
Not updating until permissions explained!
Can't believe the required permissions they had yesterday.
From 1 star to 5
EVERY TIME i try to open it, it won't let me. All it does is crash . Hopefully this issue is resolved ASAP, because I've been waiting so long for this update...
Fruit ninja is EPIC!!!!!
Fruit ninja is EPIC!!!!!
Thanks for listening to your user base.
Thank you for listening about the permissions! Cantwait to try multiplayer!
Thank you for the quick and sensible permissions change.
Love this app! Back up to my original 5 star rating thanks to the update :)
Permissions ok again. Update is good. Love it.
Took long enough but we finally have multiplayer and pomegranate update. Thank you.
Still my favorite game on Android!
Thanks 4 listening!!!
Thank you so much Halfbrick for updating  5 stars
No thanks
Please explain some of these more dubious permission requests.
Why does this need access to my camera and contacts. No thanks, uninstalling.
Finally updated!!! Thank you
Great.
Thanks for listening to us and fixing the permissions dev.
nice, now that's better, with those new permission WITH explanation..
I'm happy to see that developer's are aware of the android community concerns and fixed it. Thank u dev team for listening to us.
5 stars for responding and fixing the issues.
5 stars for responding and fixing the issues.
5 stars are for listening to users and reacting as good as a dev could. You deserve extra stars too.
Beautiful! After one day, the insane permissions have been removed, and I'm back on board, and slicing fruit with a smile. Thank you!
Everything is fixed and up to date! Great game, and really fun!
They earned 5 stars with their last update. Great game super fun.
Fixed permissions and added multiplayer. 5 stars for you.
The latest update is great!
Give u back the original rating
The latest update made some big mayor improvements. I'm finally enjoying this game
Thank you for addressing the permissions issue and for the updates.  Great game!
I'm really glad the questionable permissions are gone. It shows you guys listen to your fans. Thank you and keep making great products!
DUM PERMISSIONS!!!!
A fast response on the permission issue gets 5 stars from me.
we finally got the much needed update... finally! better late then never eh?  re-enjoying FN again. awesome.
Why don't you update???
UPDATE it so it can be the same like on ios. I dont care how but the only thing i know is that there are lots of smartphones better than iphone so u can update it in a better way i gave money for it so atleast i pretend an update. Sgs2
UPDATE it so it can be the same like on ios. I dont care how but the only thing i know is that there are lots of smartphones better than iphone so u can update it in a better way i gave money for it so atleast i pretend an update. Sgs2
Samsung captivate
Stays fun for many hours and weeks.
Stays fun for many hours and weeks.
With the revised permissions and the new features, this is now a great game on Android.
I've never seen so many people be afraid of giving phone permissions to a google play top developer, but awesome game, grateful for the pomegranate update
Permissions fixed!
Permissions fixed!
Nice job, now I can like 5 stars no problem......
from 1 to 5 stars. 2 days with 2 updates and the graphic seems to be better.what a nice surprise !!!!! thx to developers
Good game, runs great on galaxy nexus.
This game is the funnest. Game ever
The game no longer looks stretched
It has finally been updated.now it has good graphics and better sensitivity.really enjoyable.
Great game, use it to pass time.
Permissions explained and multiplayer works. Deserves 5 stars now!!!
About time!!!!?!!
Thanks for the update:)
aaaabbbout time!
Great game, but lacks updates. Free version has more content than paid version.
Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you for the update.
Much better after update.  This is what I expected when I bought many weeks ago.  Better late then never,  I suppose.
Have enjoyed this time and time again, unlike most other games that quickly lose my attention.
Have enjoyed this time and time again, unlike most other games that quickly lose my attention.
Love it! Everyone needs to calm down and stop over reacting to updates.
If you're not playing because of permissions, then boo hoo. The rest of us will enjoy this fun game.
After so long, you guys finally updated. I actually lost hope in this game at one point. I do hope to see more HalfBrick games on Android though, like Jetpack Joyride.
Very cool n useful.
Great simple game with good graphics and an intuitive and fun game play and control system with an easy learning curve. The kids and ladies also love this one and it's appropriate for all ages. Running on an AT&T Galaxy Nexus.
This is a fantastic game
Best update ever. Multiplayer makes the game even more fun.
A game on which the kid and I can agree.
Going to come to my home and rape my children next?  You're asking for far too much with your permissions.
I finally get the most out of this game.
I will not update because I do not give you PERMISSION to access my files for no reason!
This is a kol game just needs and update and more bonus fruits and the shadow blade and if u decide to update this game add kooler blades
Fun game but disappointing when compared to the FREE competition... The resolution makes me cringe on my EVO3D.
Explain what the permissions ate for. I'm not updating until I get a clarification.
Great update finally when get what apples had for well over a year now
Great game! Hours of fun!
Finally perfect with last update! Great graphic, great multiplayer  gameplay and responsive touchscreen!
At last! Updated and became playable
Update! Update!! Update!!! Update the slicing thing for iPhone....better quality...less lag on my thunderbolt...pomegranate...pls.
Really good game
Got this when it was 10p forgot to add a review. Recommended game.
I love you
I agree with other comments, this update has improved the graphics, which is a welcome update. Other changes are less welcome though. Firstly how come all of my progress, and all of the items I have unlocked has been wiped out, requiring me to start over? That can never be acceptable from an update. Plus the new "social" features are very prominent, which is irritating when you just play the game casually and have no desire or interest in sharing your details with the internet. Very much a mixed upgrade.
One of the few app purchases that I highly recommend. Works smoothly and the recent update is great. Sensation XE
Rocks
Now my friend can stop bragging :/ I assume all these permissions are for multiplayer, but I'm still leery.
Took them long enough, but it's finally here! Now how about high resolution graphics and effects for high end phones?
Updates!
Great update, stop complaining about the permissions!
Now that the pomegranate update is here, I can give no less than 5 stars
Awesome since update could have came faster though
Hell, it's about time!
Great graphics, smooth and no lag.
pom!
Good thanks..........
Good thanks..........
I am a ninja so this is goooood
5star
Works wonderfully on my Evo 3d.. Time to play this constantly again. :)
Perfect now after update. Hate that people are complaining about permissions change. Works fine for me! :)
there are no updates -_-
Finally! I love you halfbrick you haven't forgotten about us!
The permissions are for multi player tards... chill dorks!
The best game played not only by children but adult also.
Multiplayer means it must know your contacts to be able to play them! New permissions are expected.
Like the new multi player mode
Great game but update FCs on Desire S running CM9. Please fix. Still 5 stars though ;)
I keep getting this error message when I try to update!
Addictive fun.
Needs to be updated. 5 stars when updated.
Needs to be updated. 5 stars when updated.
At last an update..way better graphics and options than previous!
Finally get what i paid for! :) thanks
Latest update improved graphics tremendously. Also finally Tue promenade fruit!
What about an update with HD graphics for high-end devices??
The new online vs makes the game way more fun. More challenging, too.
Extremely better on galaxys2.. But still a hiccup ever once in a while.  just a little more polish for android and youll have five stars
Good game
Where is our update? Lowered my previous rating because halfbrick has chosen to abandon it's customers.
Got an galaxy ace?then works very perfectly.iam the orginal my review look for my name mani.do it buy the best
Absolutely brilliant
Feels less responsive and the graphics are simply expanded compared to iPhone. Looks like a poor port
Best game ever
Love it
Yep I said it...
Runs fast on my Motorola Droid 1, no lag. Graphics might have been decreased because the HD version is coming?
I <3 this game!!!!! It works perfect on my phone. There's nothing that could make it better! :)
Fun game
Awesome. My Legit arcade high score is 628
Finggggg great game
A great 1 minute game that makes me keep playing. Really good for when I have short amount of time to kill. Love the graphics and sound effects.
My son has this game on his itouch and he me to download this on my phone and I think its better on Android.
Where are the pomegranates??? Update this app please.
This is a great game! And very affordable
Awesome
The paid version isn't any different then the free version. On the I phones its better.  But on my DROID x not so good. Nothing special  Bought the paid version  thinking will have the same affects and points like the one the I phone has... but nothing close
Great app.... could do with an upgrade / update for regular freezing .... thanks anyways ... 5 Stars despite the freezing
Amazing game, but why is it outdated in relation to the free version ?
Super laggy on Motorola Razr! Screen froze sometime for few seconds at times
Why exactly are there fewer blades on the paid version than there are on the ad-supported version? I miss the shadow blade I worked hard to get, the pixel blade's fun sounds, the piano blade, and the bamboo blade.   In short, why the Android hate? There are more game modes on the iOS version, in addition to all of those blades. I paid for the experience of fruit ninja, minus ads, not this featureless hack job.
Awesome game. Highly addictive.
Why does my ipod have all these cool features but my phone doesnt???
Awesome game and super addictive!!! A must have :)
HTC Rezound
This is a great game and it cheats on going
Some
Love this game! Stop all your whining and complaining please! I have never had one problem with this game, my whole family loves it! If you can afford multiple phones and multiple gaming systems you have no right to be complaining about anything. There are those of us who are grateful for everything we get.
Best game ever
On long and annoying road trips with friends and family this game helped make the trip dramatically Better and thanks to that i only have two unlocks left
Why does my fruit ninja not have the special fruit.. ijust bought it recently and of all the times i played it.. i didnt even see one!
Spectacular
Love it
Needs the last fruit
Fun game I love it but needs to update like the iPods/IPhones
I can't believe the whinging going on here. You got what you paid for at the time, shut the f*** up. Your sense of entitlement is sickening.
Very fun
I like these kind of games, short and sweet! If you got a couple of spare mins between texts why not mess some fruit up!
Great game but can use some more game modes and costomization!!
love this game- have it on all my devices and it works gr8 on my htc sensation and the graphics are gr8
Great simple game
Awesome experience!!! Simple but highly addictive!!!
Oh yeah
Dont listen to those guys, this game is FUN!! Those guys below have really crappy phones :L
Great game definately worth the money
Please update the paid version. It doesn't make sense that the free version and iOS versions have way more  features than this version.
Why is the free version ahead of the paid version?
This is my favorite game of all time and, even though it still never fails to satisfy, the lack of an update leaves me very disappointed in Android and what seems to come off as their lack of a customer satisfaction factor; Apple always seems to be ahead, and looks better and better with each coming day...
Its fun till you beat it then like most mobile games the replay dwindles substantially.
Great game. Fun and well executed. Looks really good, too.
Cool
Fruit Ninja is one of the most well known apps around & a great game. As a former iPhone owner - it's pretty much identical on my Samsung Galaxy... I'm going back in for a 'frenzy' & a few more 'combos'. Enjoy...
When will it be updated to the iPhone version android is always behind with its apps.
Great game. Only wish I didn't have to pay for it again to get it on my Ipad2 :(
I emailed the developers about the difference in the android vs apple version and just so every one knows we are getting an update in the VERY Near future that will improve our version to be better then apples so please be patient and in the mean time follow me on twitter @Brenden_Burshaw
Awesome, but PLEASE! UPDATE! I WANT THE POMEGRANITE! It makes me more jealous of my girl's iPhone
My wife yelled at me because i saturated the floorboards with tears of joy after slicing fruit for the first time.  Right now I am in the fetal position shaking uncontrollably.
Just a joy to play and challenging at the same time
Game won't play on Epic 4G....the free version works...good thing I got it for $.10
Force Closes Fun game, but it keeps crashing at startup when trying to open Feint.
Cool game
And to all those complaining about no updates? So what! It still works fine! When you buy a game from a shop you spend 30 quid and get no updates. You buy a game for a fraction of that cost and expect constant updates forever! Get real! The app works and it works well!
Best game on Android market.
No updates
Runs great on my Nokia 6190
UPDATE
Runs smooth. Banana mode is finally here and its awesome!
5 star Apps on epic touch 4G
Totally addicting and fun to play! Also gives interesting fruit facts at the end of each game you play in classic mode.
Buy it.
And the options for blades and backgrounds keep you intereste
Lot of fun.
I have a DROID and there isn't as many bonuses as my friends iphone that's not cool how can I score those mad high scores without bonus fruit and def can't beat them when we go head to head please fix..DROID X
Free is better. It has more blades. Both are great eitherway though.
I don't get it. How do you score billions in points in 60 seconds in arcade mode a adown on feint score board?
I agree it needs to be updated to the iphones version its so cool please do so soon!
Worth every penny.
Great way to kill time. Very addictive and challenging.
I think everybody should know what ninja fruit is by now
Really the best game out there. Well thought out and so fun!
Very addicting game.
Nice game
Game
My first app purchase and the final push that made me get a smartphone. Terribly addicting.
Must have...
Seriously.  The modes, unlockables, and everything put together somehow create a hard to put down game.  A must own.
Ninja chop!!!
This game is so addicting... I play so much that my wrist hurts!!!
Slice, sloosh and slash your way through endless bundles of delicious flying fruit. The graphics and sound are beautiful.
This game is simply amazing. Not only that, I respect the developers they made a great game, and deserve all the success
Awesome
F'in sweet
Great app.
Great app.
Best slicing game out there.
Very easy to learn, very difficult to master. Worth every cent.
Is the multi-slice pomegranate from ipad version on android. Haven't seen it?  If not, then come on, give us the full ipad version for our android tab
Neat game, i like it but make it better by optimizing it with HD graphics!
One of the best.. Correction.. "THE BEST" Game for android.. So addicting, so indulging. Definitely a 5 star rating.
Says I need to buy license from market....POS really?
But when are we gonna get the update for multiplayer and more achievements cause im halfway beating them all
Runs great on my Nexus S, lots of fun!
Lags after a slice on my xyboard 8.2. Pls fix ty
Great little game and extremely addicting. I would like to see a multiplayer mode in the future if at all possible.
Top game . 5 stars from side. Working great on gs2
Had a trail version in my iTouch. Finally, Dowloaded the full  version app for $0.10 from Android market. :) Good enterTainment..
Had a trail version in my iTouch. Finally, Dowloaded the full  version app for $0.10 from Android market. :) Good enterTainment..
Excellent game but you can't score as much as with the IPhone version...which is CRAZY!!!!
I only tried this game because of the 10p price, however it is quite amusing and i would have payed full price. Great graphics and works well streak 5
For ten cents this game is a must have which will help kill hours of time normally spent staring at walls. Get it now!
5 Stars Fruit Ninjas is superior to Angry Birds when it comes to addiction. Follow @nastytrooper
All family enjoy playing this. Works great at SE Arc S.
It couldnt get better than this. One of the Best ever
game is so addicting and only 10 cents. Wow. Love it
And got it for 10c so you can't complain, 10 bill app downloads!
for 10 cents worth it...   Neo V
Graphics is horrible!!!
Get fruit slice instead.... Much better game play and graphics :)
It's a fun, but what's the difference between this and the free one?   Also the graphics need to be better
Very entertaining and fun game!
I love this game.  For ¢10 you can't beat it!    Samsung Infuse
Def buy for 10cents!!!
Def buy for 10cents!!!
While gameplay is fun, its graphics on a Super AMOLED WVGA display look mediocre and it should be modernized as now HD displays are available.
While gameplay is fun, its graphics on a Super AMOLED WVGA display look mediocre and it should be modernized as now HD displays are available.
Awesome game, so cheap to own and good to play, thanks goggle for such an offer
Great graphics, gameplay, and fun.
I love this game but it needs to be updated please update!
I love this game but it needs to be updated please update!
Higher resolution would be nice, still super fun though! Rooted Htc desire
Awesome.
I LOVE this game, and think it's amazing. Some options for graphic settings for low end devices would be nice, and I would REALLY appreciate an update. The iOS version is far ahead of the android version, and it has been many months now. Please hurry! :)
Lol work excellent no problem no lag on MyTouch4g.
Thank you to Google for making it just 10 cents... I bought it.. works great on my Samsung Galaxy 2S Epic 4g Touch.. and keeps my nieces and nephews busy... the only thing though they all argue whos turn it is to play.. LOL...
Mindless fun
Perfect time killer
Worth two bob :-)
HURRY AND GET IT YOU FOOL
Love this game.  Great graphics.
I love it
Fruit chop!
Fruit chop!
Stil no update!? The free version has more features than the paid version. Don't rip us off! We paid for this app!
Stil no update!? The free version has more features than the paid version. Don't rip us off! We paid for this app!
Good game and entertainment
Best game on the market but I wish there was more fruit or a mode with exotic fruit from other country's......like a update for it
Great way to kill time
Motorola Atrix 4g
Awsome!
"Upgraded"to the paid version only to get less content than the free version. What is wrong with that picture halfbrick?
Runs perfectly smooth. Wish the pomegranate would get added soon. Galaxy s2
Don't buy, fruit ninja has gone free and is only updating that
Very addictive
Addictive, but bizzarely, the free apparently has more content.
I love this game but it needs to updated to be on par with iPhone version.
I loooove it! Im so addicted!
The best time killer
The best time killer
UPDATE UPDATE UPDATE FREE VERSION IS BETTER REGRET BUYING THIS ONE IT SHOULD HAVE MORE THINGS THEN THE FREE ONE WTF
Please fix resolution problem for galaxy s2 4.5 inch
Galaxy s
This game is soooo awesome that it makes my nipples lactate :)
Love this game. I'm on an HTC Inspire, but on my ipod there were more swords, backgrounds, etc.
Droidx
Game it's a time thief
Unplayable on Razor with 2.3.5
Unplayable on Razor with 2.3.5
<3
Its worse than the free got less blades no pomagranit when will u guys make a update
Only con is I won't the pomegranate from the iphone version
Hi
Great but won't let me update
This is a very fun game to kill time with... Recommended!!
elent
Lots of fun
Doesn't work on my HTC Sensation :/ works on my wife's Samsung Vibrant tho.
I loved playing the free app so much that I ended up buying the full version. I'm not a gamer, but I'm addicted to Fruit Ninja!
Was great on my old phone, now It's extremely slow on my sensation 4 g
Iz awsum
LUV IT
best game ever
I bought this so long ago and its still so far behind the iPhone version. Dev never replies to emails. Shame as it should be 5 stars
Great. Needs more blades and backgrounds to unlock. And, multiplayer online would be nice.
Wow
Need new challenge.  Start to be boring.
Awesome
One of the best apps but sometimes the detection is off. Hope this is an easy fix
Every thing works on my ace
This game is so fun..and works great on Motorola.. :)
If I could, i'd rate 0*. So much potential but has fallen so far short. The ipod version is amazing and even the unpaid version is better than this!
Amazon appstore is cheaper plus saves apps to your acount so u can install them to you other devices
Amazon appstore is cheaper plus saves apps to your acount so u can install them to you other devices
Needs updates.
Totally addicted! Keep up the great work!
I'd love it if they could update with higher resolution graphics now that so many phones have big screens.
I'd love it if they could update with higher resolution graphics now that so many phones have big screens.
Play it all the time
Play it all the time
Fruit Ninja is a great fun game, that for me has never become boring.
Needs to be updated! I paid for this app so update it!
Brilliant Game!! You just want to keep playing... Especially when handing it around with friends and trying to beat each others scores.
Fruit slice runs a lot smoother than this, and it's free! This game shouldn't be lagging at all on a dual-core device, but it lags a lot on Droid 3
I just wish there was an update...I already have all the blades and backrounds unlocked and most of the achievements.
4 months since I dl and still no update. Where's the pomegranate???
Great fun gam just needs update for new swords like the itouch has please
game on the phone. But plz update. I want the sparkleberry or pomegranate or whatever. Just plz update.
Great game! Needs more recent updates though.
Please update!
Amazing... I love it. Needs the update before I put 5 stars
I like the game, but the 'Fruit Ninja Free' version actually has more stuff than this... which is annoying considering the ads that get in the way.  Please update this version for Android!
why so different gameplay from iphone?
Very fun and no lag on my S2.
Works great. Awesome game. Only downfall was free version erased my high scores. So, I bought the full version hoping that doesnt happen. Droid bionic
It is awesome my high score is 529!
UPDATE FOR GODS SAKE!
UPDATE FOR GODS SAKE!
Awesome game! 3 great modes to play and alot of unlockables.
Better on the iPhone & on the free version Wth!!! If i would've known i wouldn't have purchased! Upgrade please! Highly disappointed...
I loved this game when I played it for the first today. Really lovely game!
Great
Good game. Dont have some of the same blades as in the ipod
Fun
The company doesnt listen or awnser the users about the update diference, so i am going to give half brick a bad review, they deserve it
This is getting ridiculous. The free version offers more and the full version is outdated. We deserve the same as IOS.
Update the app. Why does ios get preference over android?
One of the best android games available, no BS
One of the best android games available, no BS
This proves fun as the definitive mobile game for Android. 8/10
Best game ever
Best game ever
Best game ever
5 stars when android gets the pomagranate
I love this game! I just wish there's a multiplayer like the ones for Apple.
Game worked great but now it freezes and doesn't reconize swipes of the blade.
I unlocked all the swords and backgrounds in one sitting. O.O
Needs to be exactly like the apple version. Update to change to 5 stars
Awesome
Its a really addictive game
Well I broke down and gave this game a try and I love it, simple yet addictive.
The game itself is great. But it is not acceptable that the paid version is at 1.5.4, while the free one has been upgraded to 1.6.x!
Worth the $$$ Kinda hard to play at times with my mesmerize but I finally got a score higher than 601 :)
Extreme need of an update the free version has more stuff... And there is no pomergranent
I want that pomegranate as an update though!
Awesome game I love it needs update like on the phone how you get the big fruit that you slice and get aloft of points
Game even the one for the 360 is fun
Bough lagoon some of the more extreme details of the ipad couterpart. This app is still intensely addicting.
Bough lagoon some of the more extreme details of the ipad couterpart. This app is still intensely addicting.
Hilarious.
Developers really need to update this.. its pathetic we pay $1.30 for a 99 cent app and don't even get all the features iOS get
Runs great and haven't had a problem yet. Sent from my Synergized EVO 4G with Sense 3.0
My favorite game on the phone, and letting the kids have 1 game in the morning is a great way to get them out of bed in the morning.
One of my favorite games needs updates like the iphone app.
very very addicting
Awesome game.
Awesome game.
Awesome game.
Pretty dissappointed that there's no pomogrant and not as many game mode than on the i phone we pay more on andriod and get less.
When is their going to be multiplayer!!!!!!
Should have all the options from the iPhone version. It is a good game, but why the heck do we have to stand less modes of game play.
Great game concept but the graphics could use some updating. Other than the slightly outdated graphics, it's a super fun and addicting game!
Me no likey shitbrick studios
This game is amazing! I don't know of any updates in ios but the graphics are the best! evo 4g
Great fun, strangely satisfying slashing up all that fruit. More than happy with my purchase.
Works great Lg optimus s
Awesome
The game is great but no updates? This older version is lame. The free one has more unlockables. 1 Star, update u mother f...ers!
Everyone in my house loves it, my mom constantly keep comin back, my 3 year old son loves the music and keep telling "banana spin, watermelon spin", HTC Salsa & Transformer
Weve been ripped off. Hasn't been updated in months
Great game. For those who r lagging and get slow or poor response, u probably have an under powered phone. On my epic 4g this game runs great. 5 *'s
Great game. For those who r lagging and get slow or poor response, u probably have an under powered phone. On my epic 4g this game runs great. 5 *'s
Totally awesome, but almost never gets any new updates compared to the iOS version..
Free version has more unlocks?! That's just wrong, the people who have the paid version should be 1st priority
Great little time killer :-)
Please update paid version, the people that have paid should have the latest version too.
The free version is actually the full version, but with menu ads.
There are times when I do a lot of combos I can not hear it, lag a bit when this happens
Its a good app but i paid 2 bucks not knowing that soon enough that a full free version was coming out - seriously android market what the f**k
Its so good but it needs an update!! The free version has more!!
Seriously needs updates! How can the free version have more features? What a rip off!!!!!
Gave average score. Love the game but as EVERYONE says. Needs an UPDATE!! Just found out,now have a free version with more stuff!! Common ppl update.
Pretty awesome game!
This game is addicting and great! But the free version is better with more blades!
Wtf i have sound sounds problem when i play normal and evry thing is ok and in sec the sound will go please helo me guys i hace sony ericsson xperia
Awesome, but wondering why the iOS version has more features.
The game is incredibly addictive and fun, but why is the free version updated while the paid version is not? I see a problem with this...
No sign of the shadow blade.
Great fun no diferent to the i pod toutch but they should get the update out.
Everyone who hates is retarded, guess you never heard of the thd version, its not that the has issues, your phone just sucks, noobs.
This game is highly addictive and playing arcade trying to beat friends is worth hours of fun
No lags on Chinese tablets like Rk2918 pv210 and tcc8803 android 2.3.1 - 2.3.3. Good game
Without a doubt one of the best games in the Android market. Worth the money, and keeps you hooked always wanting to beat my last highscore.
Without a doubt one of the best games in the Android market. Worth the money, and keeps you hooked always wanting to beat my last highscore.
Completely addicted to this game but I just have one issue; why aren't the other blades (shadow, pixel, bamboo etc..) In the paid version?
Completely addicted to this game but I just have one issue; why aren't the other blades (shadow, pixel, bamboo etc..) In the paid version?
Completely addicted to this game but I just have one issue; why aren't the other blades (shadow, pixel, bamboo etc..) In the paid version?
When I say I need a slash, i'm talkin about this game. 5 Star Entertainment
I have this game on my iPad and 2 iphone 4 and it looked amazing on them. This android version is subpar! It badly needs an update that supports qHD!
HTC wildfire why let us buy I play minute game/arcade it took me 8 minutes to play trough update would b appreciated
HTC wildfire why let us buy I play minute game/arcade it took me 8 minutes to play trough update would b appreciated
A well put together app with very polished game play and excellent integration with open feint which has you coming back to play over & over.
A well put together app with very polished game play and excellent integration with open feint which has you coming back to play over & over.
Terrible lag on MyTouch 3G and needs an update. Love it on ipad. Hate it on MyTouch
Terrible lag on MyTouch 3G and needs an update. Love it on ipad. Hate it on MyTouch
Terrible lag on MyTouch 3G and needs an update. Love it on ipad. Hate it on MyTouch
Cool game but not all that i i expected its nothing like the one on the apple product
Cool game but not all that i i expected its nothing like the one on the apple product
You sould put more game modes. Like put a mode where you can battle the cpu to see who can slice more!
You sould put more game modes. Like put a mode where you can battle the cpu to see who can slice more!
Where is the bonus fruit at the end in arcade mode and multiplayer like on the iphone. update pls
Not dual-core optimized. My Droid 3 has a better processor and GPU then the Droid 1 (obviously) and it lags more then it did.... fix it.
Not dual-core optimized. My Droid 3 has a better processor and GPU then the Droid 1 (obviously) and it lags more then it did.... fix it.
This is not as good as iPod veroin where r the rest of the blades and the huge fruit at the end of arcade come on please get these
Makes u feel like a ninja which is of course awesome. No load lags, just pure fun
This is one of the best games I have found & paid for on the Android Marketplace...thanks Halfbrick Studios!
Not updated to be in line with the iOS version - those not happy about this, email the developer
I love this game! Very high quality graphics!
My friends with ipods have more features on their fruit ninja apps then we do. Also it lags. I finished classic mode with a score of 1. No joke.
It's an amazing game, to fix the lag just get a task killer then it works perfect!
Very poor touch response, and so slow when playing Ugh... overall poor performance on MY Android device
Awesome game very addictive
Awesome game very addictive
Awesome
Poor graphics and tons of lag on my DROID x2. The iOS version is way better.
Halfbrick is a quality studio and this is a quality game. You asshats that rated it 1 star talking about an update... Seriously? Asshats all of you
Love this game so had to buy it. Addictive and fun as everyone else says. My only gripe is that the graphics look very low quality on my HTC Sensation and the fruit could do with being anti-aliased. Perhaps a graphic improvement option could be added for those with high-end devices.
Love this game so had to buy it. Addictive and fun as everyone else says. My only gripe is that the graphics look very low quality on my HTC Sensation and the fruit could do with being anti-aliased. Perhaps a graphic improvement option could be added for those with high-end devices.
Love this game so had to buy it. Addictive and fun as everyone else says. My only gripe is that the graphics look very low quality on my HTC Sensation and the fruit could do with being anti-aliased. Perhaps a graphic improvement option could be added for those with high-end devices.
Love this game so had to buy it. Addictive and fun as everyone else says. My only gripe is that the graphics look very low quality on my HTC Sensation and the fruit could do with being anti-aliased. Perhaps a graphic improvement option could be added for those with high-end devices.
we need update same as iphone
Awesome game!
Love this game 5 stars....so addicting!!! But Needs more unlocks. arcade mode needs to be more random(the same sequence of fruit everytime I play).
Love this game 5 stars....so addicting!!! But Needs more unlocks. arcade mode needs to be more random(the same sequence of fruit everytime I play).
Great game. Addicting. Only problem is there isnt an update. Not in sync with it's ipod counterpart
Used to be smooth but now it's such a lagfest. Unplayable really which is a shame as this game is so much fun.
Used to be smooth but now it's such a lagfest. Unplayable really which is a shame as this game is so much fun.
Used to be smooth but now it's such a lagfest. Unplayable really which is a shame as this game is so much fun.
Used to be smooth but now it's such a lagfest. Unplayable really which is a shame as this game is so much fun.
Good game but agree with other Android users...many many more features if on iPhone. Unfair, misleading and dissapointing that they do that to Droids
Good game but agree with other Android users...many many more features if on iPhone. Unfair, misleading and dissapointing that they do that to Droids
Only reason is no multiplayer! IPhone has it for months about time android did too! Had i know we are second grade consumers I'd have asked for a ref
Only reason is no multiplayer! IPhone has it for months about time android did too! Had i know we are second grade consumers I'd have asked for a ref
This is a fun game BUT there are better free games in the market. Would give 5 stars if it was free.
This is a fun game BUT there are better free games in the market. Would give 5 stars if it was free.
Great game but seriously needs update to bring it up to par with the iPod version
One of the best time killers game. 3 different versions to keep you occupied for long hours .
Great, but needs to be updated; missing some features that are already on iOS version.
It's had one minor update in almost a year...its just a cash cow for a greedy company that doesn't care...
It's had one minor update in almost a year...its just a cash cow for a greedy company that doesn't care...
Dev let me return the THD version when I returned my tablet! Game is fun, but customer service is the best!
Wtf? Low quality graphics and sometimes unresponsive controls... Nothing like ios version. 2 stars becuse at least the concept is good. Galaxy s
Good, but not enough! The Android version lacks amounts feature that iPhone version have.
Come on halfbrick iphone has another update and kinect but still none for andriod users. Step it up
Update please...my family all have iPhones and they have all updated their Fruit Ninja game...where's the update for android????
I think from here on out we all should say update! maybe then they will start to care about us android users! UPDATE UPDATE!
I must say, me being a very frequent player on the iOS version, it's disappointing to see how bad the Android version is. Where's the updates??
I must say, me being a very frequent player on the iOS version, it's disappointing to see how bad the Android version is. Where's the updates??
I must say, me being a very frequent player on the iOS version, it's disappointing to see how bad the Android version is. Where's the updates??
This is one of my favorite android games on android. Great action and the best way to kill 3 minutes of idle time. Only two things. There seems to be a bug either with Feint or the App where it will occasionally loses my game stats (unlocked blades, backgrounds, high score etc.) This usually happens when I play the game in an internet dead zone. Starting over every time this happens gets kinda old. The only other issue is the lack of updates. Dev, please get this up to sped with the iPhone version!
Works great on the HTC Thunderbolt. Well worth the money for how addictive it is.
Works great on the HTC Thunderbolt. Well worth the money for how addictive it is.
Ok I don't know wat happened but this game has gotten some serious lag. I only have 5 other apps on my phone at the moment so I have plenty of memory
Love this app, however it's disappointing when my friends with iPhones get updates weeks before I do.
Love this app, however it's disappointing when my friends with iPhones get updates weeks before I do.
Love this app, however it's disappointing when my friends with iPhones get updates weeks before I do.
Love this app, however it's disappointing when my friends with iPhones get updates weeks before I do.
Horrible lag. Constanly freezes. Needs a update or the ratings a 1. Im glad theres finally arcade mode though.
Horrible lag. Constanly freezes. Needs a update or the ratings a 1. Im glad theres finally arcade mode though.
Horrible lag. Constanly freezes. Needs a update or the ratings a 1. Im glad theres finally arcade mode though.
Great fun and addicting, ps if its slow and lagging then yur android's memory is probably full delete your messages and transfer your apps to your SD
Y cant u just bill the game to our tmobile account?? I dont wanna use a visa for the game
Y cant u just bill the game to our tmobile account?? I dont wanna use a visa for the game
Great way to pass the time, fun and addicting. Samsung epic 4g, android 2.2.1, ec05
Great way to pass the time, fun and addicting. Samsung epic 4g, android 2.2.1, ec05
Great way to pass the time, fun and addicting. Samsung epic 4g, android 2.2.1, ec05
VERY lagging on HTC desire 2.2 so much its unplayable. Great game but needs updates
VERY lagging on HTC desire 2.2 so much its unplayable. Great game but needs updates
VERY lagging on HTC desire 2.2 so much its unplayable. Great game but needs updates
VERY lagging on HTC desire 2.2 so much its unplayable. Great game but needs updates
This is one of the better games on the android market. If you are looking to download this game, pay no attention to the 1 star ratings. Theyre stupid
Still the best app I've ever bought. Love it!!!! Now its needs to catch up to the app store version and it will rock!
Wonderful addictive game, but three of the achievements won't unlock. It won't let me get the Night Shift, Perfectionist, and Connected Ninja.
Wonderful addictive game, but three of the achievements won't unlock. It won't let me get the Night Shift, Perfectionist, and Connected Ninja.
Wonderful addictive game, but three of the achievements won't unlock. It won't let me get the Night Shift, Perfectionist, and Connected Ninja.
Will get full stars when the app is as up to date as the ipod version
Does not work on droid x ... Iphone works well. But makes me doubt if it works on kinect too...
Does not work on droid x ... Iphone works well. But makes me doubt if it works on kinect too...
Made other apps on my HTC EVO shift wigg out. Had to uninstall. Couldnt use camera or navigation.
Not as many blades and no multiplayer like ipod. Don't know why 5 stars if fixed....
Not as many blades and no multiplayer like ipod. Don't know why 5 stars if fixed....
Not as many blades and no multiplayer like ipod. Don't know why 5 stars if fixed....
Great update but am I the only person that has all the text in the game blocked out. Please fix I can't even read my own scores. HTC hero 200.
Wish I could post my scores on facebook. Can't figure out how on my Droid X! Great game! 5 stars or more
Wish I could post my scores on facebook. Can't figure out how on my Droid X! Great game! 5 stars or more
Wont download on my htc evo ... its good but I bought it and it would be at 99% and then start over
Wont download on my htc evo ... its good but I bought it and it would be at 99% and then start over
Wont download on my htc evo ... its good but I bought it and it would be at 99% and then start over
Wont download on my htc evo ... its good but I bought it and it would be at 99% and then start over
Wont download on my htc evo ... its good but I bought it and it would be at 99% and then start over
Wont download on my htc evo ... its good but I bought it and it would be at 99% and then start over
Wont download on my htc evo ... its good but I bought it and it would be at 99% and then start over
Wont download on my htc evo ... its good but I bought it and it would be at 99% and then start over
Wont download on my htc evo ... its good but I bought it and it would be at 99% and then start over
Wont download on my htc evo ... its good but I bought it and it would be at 99% and then start over
Wont download on my htc evo ... its good but I bought it and it would be at 99% and then start over
Running lag free on CM7 for ZTE Blade after being unplayable on froyo. Blade users get Cyanogen!
Fun game, but a little blotchy and not as many blades as the iPhone. So the iPhone is better once again....
Fun game, but a little blotchy and not as many blades as the iPhone. So the iPhone is better once again....
Feint not working, still kind of glitches every now and then, overall still good game.
Amazing game.. too addictive.. would give it 5 *'s but very slow compared to on the i phone.. please fixxx. Android
Amazing game.. too addictive.. would give it 5 *'s but very slow compared to on the i phone.. please fixxx. Android
Amazing game.. too addictive.. would give it 5 *'s but very slow compared to on the i phone.. please fixxx. Android
Don't know if an update did it, but the frame rate makes this unplayable. Used to be good. -- Epic 4G
Please update this game soon it play so much better on the xoom then on my Droid x.
Please update this game soon it play so much better on the xoom then on my Droid x.
Google need to implement a minimum spec criteria for market downloads. Fruit Ninja runs at a crawl and is thus unplayable on a HTC Wildfire. The game itself is great (on iOS), but i'll be uninstalling this from my Wildfire
Had 5 stars now 3 wheres the updates? Forget iphone they have enough dont forget us droids!
Had 5 stars now 3 wheres the updates? Forget iphone they have enough dont forget us droids!
Had 5 stars now 3 wheres the updates? Forget iphone they have enough dont forget us droids!
Had 5 stars now 3 wheres the updates? Forget iphone they have enough dont forget us droids!
Figured out the music problem. I9000 GB has problem playing ogg at 44100 hz. Please change menu music to 22050 hz
i was charged an additional 2$ for this app. what gives? also, laggy on xperia
i was charged an additional 2$ for this app. what gives? also, laggy on xperia
This game is the perfect game to kill time. Its fun, addicting and just all around good game. Works perfect on my HTC Evo
This game is the perfect game to kill time. Its fun, addicting and just all around good game. Works perfect on my HTC Evo
I love this game on the iphone. Why does it moveee so slow. Fixxx it pleaseeeeeee
I love this game on the iphone. Why does it moveee so slow. Fixxx it pleaseeeeeee
I love this game on the iphone. Why does it moveee so slow. Fixxx it pleaseeeeeee
Fun app but iPhone has a multiplayer mode for friends what's up with the android users version, I would like to think we could keep up with them ?
I think this is an excellent game, very smooth and I like how u can swich backrounds and blades.
One of the best games out there, definitely worth every penny! Works great on HTC Evo 4G, very fast and responsive.
This is the worst game I've played . It constantly freezes . Played it on the iPhone and it was brilliant, was better off buying a kit kat for the cas
This is the worst game I've played . It constantly freezes . Played it on the iPhone and it was brilliant, was better off buying a kit kat for the cas
This is the worst game I've played . It constantly freezes . Played it on the iPhone and it was brilliant, was better off buying a kit kat for the cas
Addictive, got my mam and brother hooked on it! Never get my own phone back now!
Addictive, got my mam and brother hooked on it! Never get my own phone back now!
Loved it on the iPhone, had to get it on the Android. But graphics suck and is extremely laggy. Update please.
Doesnt recognize everytime I try to swipe. Used to work great. - Glacier 2.3.4 CM
Excited at first because I love the iphone version. This is so incredibly laggy and unresponsive that it's unplayable. Refund
Excited at first because I love the iphone version. This is so incredibly laggy and unresponsive that it's unplayable. Refund
Works well with fluid interactions and visuals. Droid X
Easily the most fun game on the Android Marketplace. I have never played this game on Iphone, so I don't know what I am missing, but this game is so much fun, and is more fun (at least to me) than Angry Birds. The only issue I have with the game is OpenFeint. OpenFeint is extremely annoying to work with, and I wish they had a workaround so I could compare scores with my friends playing on Iphone, like Words with Friends.
hours of fun
Great game!May I suggest you add more game modes for replayability?Such as one with levels where you have to get a certain amount of points to progres
Great game!May I suggest you add more game modes for replayability?Such as one with levels where you have to get a certain amount of points to progres
Great game!May I suggest you add more game modes for replayability?Such as one with levels where you have to get a certain amount of points to progres
My husband keeps "borrowing" my phone to try to beat my high score.
My husband keeps "borrowing" my phone to try to beat my high score.
Great little game, runs fast and has great visuals. Nice way to kill time and different game modes to keep you entertained. Worth it! Droid X, 2.3.3
5/5 Very good, however, much prefer Fruit Slice to this game, in my opinion it is better over-all. HTC Desire Z.
5/5 Very good, however, much prefer Fruit Slice to this game, in my opinion it is better over-all. HTC Desire Z.
5/5 Very good, however, much prefer Fruit Slice to this game, in my opinion it is better over-all. HTC Desire Z.
Touch is unresponsive. At first I thought it was my screen but no other apps or games have a problem with my touch input.
Touch is unresponsive. At first I thought it was my screen but no other apps or games have a problem with my touch input.
Everything unlocked and all feint achievements. Update it already!! 5 stars when updated
Needs the same update the iphone got with newer blades and backgrounds. Other than that, its a great game
Needs the same update the iphone got with newer blades and backgrounds. Other than that, its a great game
This is a surprisingly good port of the iPod version. It's still missing some content, however.
Blast to play. Half the time however when you hit frenzy it doesn't throw out tons of fruit.
Its gd but it is a bit slow and on smaller screens is harder 2 play on.
Could you give a lite version so that we can check operability of our devices? Android has different hardware per phone, more diverse than iphones do.
Love this game. I play it on my ipad and just had to get it for my phone!
Love this game. I play it on my ipad and just had to get it for my phone!
Love this game. I play it on my ipad and just had to get it for my phone!
Love this game. I play it on my ipad and just had to get it for my phone!
Love this game. I play it on my ipad and just had to get it for my phone!
Love this game. I play it on my ipad and just had to get it for my phone!
Seriously needs to be updated... and be up to date with iPhone..not improving star rating till they improve android version
Hella laggy on droid x, no update in days! Where's multi player/other features that are on iphones??
Hella laggy on droid x, no update in days! Where's multi player/other features that are on iphones??
Hella laggy on droid x, no update in days! Where's multi player/other features that are on iphones??
Hella laggy on droid x, no update in days! Where's multi player/other features that are on iphones??
Screen is so weird now. It won't for the screen and it's tilted toward left side with weird resolution. 5 stars if fixed
Screen is so weird now. It won't for the screen and it's tilted toward left side with weird resolution. 5 stars if fixed
Runs fine on my HTC incredible. Wish you could turn off feint though like you can in other games, would fix a lot of the speed problems in comments.
Runs fine on my HTC incredible. Wish you could turn off feint though like you can in other games, would fix a lot of the speed problems in comments.
Runs fine on my HTC incredible. Wish you could turn off feint though like you can in other games, would fix a lot of the speed problems in comments.
I love Fruit Ninja. I can spend hours slicing fruit with my frosty blade and not realize time has passed. Great fun.
This is the best game in the market. Runs well on my LG optumus. Only real problem is the cost its only 99cents on itunes. Whats up with that?
Great game enjoy it just as much as the iphone app on htc inspire 4g but some people can't be pleased!
Great game enjoy it just as much as the iphone app on htc inspire 4g but some people can't be pleased!
Love the game!BUT -is it normal that I have to restart my phone after playing? It won't take calls, won't stop playing the music after exit.. Ect. ~
I bought this game cause I gas out it on my iPod touch, but theres a pesky sword lag on my Nexus S that makes it unbearable!
Seriously guys... this game looks like dog stuff compared to the i-phone. I have a motorola droid that should play this game just fine and it doesn't. Before you charge people for your crappy release of your game fix it first through a demo or at least verify that it is fun to play on certain phones. Very disappointed and will be getting a refund. Issues: The resolution blows, the sword has lag and makes me hit bombs non-stop, sound is delayed ....on and on. PLEASE FIX THE GAME FOR THE REST OF US!!!!!
Same great features as I loved on my iTouch, but lags badly on my Droid X. The droid x has far beefier hardware, so its lag makes no sense.
cant read any words the game shows u.. they r crossed out.. i liked the game before when i could read the stats but now i am not happy
cant read any words the game shows u.. they r crossed out.. i liked the game before when i could read the stats but now i am not happy
So addictive! Wish there were levels not just beating best score but still super fun and colorful! galaxy tab
Ignore the stupid sounding name and concept and get this game. Fun, challenging if you want it to, and just incredible satisfying. Also nice gfx&sfx.
Great game! I unlocked all blades in 1 sec using the ninja fruit unlocker app. Desire
Great game! I unlocked all blades in 1 sec using the ninja fruit unlocker app. Desire
Great game! I unlocked all blades in 1 sec using the ninja fruit unlocker app. Desire
Great game! I unlocked all blades in 1 sec using the ninja fruit unlocker app. Desire
Wow. Really good graphics on HTC Desire and really really therapeutic. Summary: Brilliant!
Wow. Really good graphics on HTC Desire and really really therapeutic. Summary: Brilliant!
Wow. Really good graphics on HTC Desire and really really therapeutic. Summary: Brilliant!
My boyfriend has iphone so I play his and practice on my own phone as it is slower and smaller (xperia mini pro) but love the game play it for hours
Works great and very addicting but I really miss all the other cool blades and backgrounds from the OS version...please update!!!!!!!
Works great and very addicting but I really miss all the other cool blades and backgrounds from the OS version...please update!!!!!!!
Please, HalfBrick, add the rest of the blades and backgrounds you held back from the Android version! I want to get the shadow blade but no... Stingy.
Please, HalfBrick, add the rest of the blades and backgrounds you held back from the Android version! I want to get the shadow blade but no... Stingy.
Awesome and way fun!! Fun to compete for high score with friends!! Works like a charm!! Needs more things to unlock though-incredible
Awesome and way fun!! Fun to compete for high score with friends!! Works like a charm!! Needs more things to unlock though-incredible
Very addictive game I love it and it's worth getting it works perfectly on my HTC Desire HD. Only wish it had multiplayer like it does for the iPhone.
Very addictive game I love it and it's worth getting it works perfectly on my HTC Desire HD. Only wish it had multiplayer like it does for the iPhone.
Played on iPhone and loved it, the android version is so laggy you can't play properly...
Played on iPhone and loved it, the android version is so laggy you can't play properly...
Played on iPhone and loved it, the android version is so laggy you can't play properly...
You can't play this game. Don't waste your money. Way better on the itouch. What a rip off.
THis app is too slow, I would swipe to cut the fruit and the swipe was delayed so I would miss the fruit entirely.
Addicting yet so simple. Love Arcade mode, but you should be able to cut a fruit more than once. Just sayin'.
Addicting yet so simple. Love Arcade mode, but you should be able to cut a fruit more than once. Just sayin'.
I love this game so much! Its a real shame there are so many lame knock offs on the market
I love this game so much! Its a real shame there are so many lame knock offs on the market
I love this game so much! Its a real shame there are so many lame knock offs on the market
Memory leak. Gets choppy on stock Droid X, even crashed phone. Fix and I'll rate higher.
Great game but doesn't work on Gingerbread. Please update and I will rate higher DROID X.
Great game but doesn't work on Gingerbread. Please update and I will rate higher DROID X.
Amazing how these idiots complain about instability in a custom beta ROM. If you don't like it go back to stock. Don't blame the app devs. Evo CM7.
Amazing how these idiots complain about instability in a custom beta ROM. If you don't like it go back to stock. Don't blame the app devs. Evo CM7.
It worked perfect @CM6.1.1 but after upgrade to Gingerbread it just extremely not responsive. Impossible to play. Annoying. Disappointed. Please update.
Fun game with great graphics, but took 3 tries to accept payment and download, and has less content than the iPhone version which is disappointing.
It Cuts my sound out though no music nothing but it'll put one or the other in then all and no sound again experia x10
It Cuts my sound out though no music nothing but it'll put one or the other in then all and no sound again experia x10
It Cuts my sound out though no music nothing but it'll put one or the other in then all and no sound again experia x10
Don't know if it's my phone or what. I was addicted to this game on iphone 3gs, on the HTC Thunderbolt it's almost unplayable. Please find another way to port.
Amazing game, could run better on OG Droid, but that's not exactly halfbricks fault... For those who can't find the app, moving it to your phone
Game dev, plus update the app. It is so obvious the android version is lacking of many new unlocks.
It's the same round every time I start the game. Random games please! Very well otherwise!
"This is as simple as games get, your a ninja and theres fruit, and ef fruit. being all smug on pies and trees lol", i puts angry birds to shame
My grandkids drive me crazy when they come to visit as they always want to play this game.
My grandkids drive me crazy when they come to visit as they always want to play this game.
My grandkids drive me crazy when they come to visit as they always want to play this game.
My grandkids drive me crazy when they come to visit as they always want to play this game.
Awesome and addictive game. Plays incredibly smooth with beautiful graphics. Definite download. HTC Thunderbolt.
Battery hog, sound often drops out & game ends without recording score/achievements (on samsung galaxy s), but otherwise great :)
Battery hog, sound often drops out & game ends without recording score/achievements (on samsung galaxy s), but otherwise great :)
Battery hog, sound often drops out & game ends without recording score/achievements (on samsung galaxy s), but otherwise great :)
Battery hog, sound often drops out & game ends without recording score/achievements (on samsung galaxy s), but otherwise great :)
If it wasn't for the feint crap this would be a better game. No I don't want to create an account! wtf!? Seems like the graphics lost their fidelity.
If it wasn't for the feint crap this would be a better game. No I don't want to create an account! wtf!? Seems like the graphics lost their fidelity.
If it wasn't for the feint crap this would be a better game. No I don't want to create an account! wtf!? Seems like the graphics lost their fidelity.
Great game, pretty fun. Only problem is it has no multiplayer like the apple version. Update maybe?
Great game, pretty fun. Only problem is it has no multiplayer like the apple version. Update maybe?
This game is a MUST download for any Android user. Great graphics, smooth gameplay, and insanely addictive. Trust me you won't regret it :) works superb on my HTC Desire (Android 2.2) :)
Great game! Graphics are good on mytouch 3g slide but it takes up a lot of space. :(
Great game! Graphics are good on mytouch 3g slide but it takes up a lot of space. :(
Great game! Graphics are good on mytouch 3g slide but it takes up a lot of space. :(
Great game! Graphics are good on mytouch 3g slide but it takes up a lot of space. :(
I have a droid x. Sometimes the game lags, but I love this game. I just wish there were as many blades and backgrounds to unlock like on the iPhone
I have a droid x. Sometimes the game lags, but I love this game. I just wish there were as many blades and backgrounds to unlock like on the iPhone
Simple game, but high scores and unlocks make me come back for more all the time, not to mention the different modes. Just up the resolution!
I love it on iPad, but it's unresponsive on Nexus One. Cut comes way too late to be fun. Unfortunately I had to ask for refund :(
I love it on iPad, but it's unresponsive on Nexus One. Cut comes way too late to be fun. Unfortunately I had to ask for refund :(
Extreme amount of lagging. Impossible to play. Hope next update will sort this. HTC desire Z
Extreme amount of lagging. Impossible to play. Hope next update will sort this. HTC desire Z
Pretty good, no FC as yet. Mute button DOES work; there are 2 buttons. One for music, one for SF. Desire
What a cool little game, can't stop playing it. Great graphics, simple concept, addictive as all hell. And FUN!
What a cool little game, can't stop playing it. Great graphics, simple concept, addictive as all hell. And FUN!
I wish I had the atrix just to have the new version :( now I feel how owners of slower phones feel.
I wish I had the atrix just to have the new version :( now I feel how owners of slower phones feel.
I wish I had the atrix just to have the new version :( now I feel how owners of slower phones feel.
Would not install on the LG Optimus, at least I got my dollar twenty back. Lol. The valentines one is free and fun
Would not install on the LG Optimus, at least I got my dollar twenty back. Lol. The valentines one is free and fun
Doesn't allow you to create an account and play with others like iphone does but still a fun game.
Doesn't allow you to create an account and play with others like iphone does but still a fun game.
Fun and addictive, and my 3yo loves it. Wish it had a perpetual mode for him, though, in addition to the 90-sec Zen mode.
Fun and addictive, and my 3yo loves it. Wish it had a perpetual mode for him, though, in addition to the 90-sec Zen mode.
Fun and addictive, and my 3yo loves it. Wish it had a perpetual mode for him, though, in addition to the 90-sec Zen mode.
Absolutely amazing game. Highly addictive. But screen feels better on iphone and itouch
It wont download for me and it said i bought it. 5* wen i can finish download
It wont download for me and it said i bought it. 5* wen i can finish download
It wont download for me and it said i bought it. 5* wen i can finish download
Lags badly on a ZTE Blade / Orange San Francisco. Almost unplayable early on. Dissapointed. They should have an option to reduce quality to help speed.
Lags badly on a ZTE Blade / Orange San Francisco. Almost unplayable early on. Dissapointed. They should have an option to reduce quality to help speed.
Lags badly on a ZTE Blade / Orange San Francisco. Almost unplayable early on. Dissapointed. They should have an option to reduce quality to help speed.
Lags badly on a ZTE Blade / Orange San Francisco. Almost unplayable early on. Dissapointed. They should have an option to reduce quality to help speed.
Lags badly on a ZTE Blade / Orange San Francisco. Almost unplayable early on. Dissapointed. They should have an option to reduce quality to help speed.
Lags badly on a ZTE Blade / Orange San Francisco. Almost unplayable early on. Dissapointed. They should have an option to reduce quality to help speed.
Lags badly on a ZTE Blade / Orange San Francisco. Almost unplayable early on. Dissapointed. They should have an option to reduce quality to help speed.
Absoulutely brilliant! This game has great 3D graphics which run smoothly on my Samsung Galaxy Europa and the different modes are nice. A must have for all Android owners! :D
Absoulutely brilliant! This game has great 3D graphics which run smoothly on my Samsung Galaxy Europa and the different modes are nice. A must have for all Android owners! :D
I just purchased this game, but it hasnt downloaded ive tried but nothing. Upset!!!! Grr!
Before i didnt have problem but lately after last update it started to not reconize touch input so i have to force the stop the app all the time. I paid for this app and sucks not working well.
Before i didnt have problem but lately after last update it started to not reconize touch input so i have to force the stop the app all the time. I paid for this app and sucks not working well.
Before i didnt have problem but lately after last update it started to not reconize touch input so i have to force the stop the app all the time. I paid for this app and sucks not working well.
Before i didnt have problem but lately after last update it started to not reconize touch input so i have to force the stop the app all the time. I paid for this app and sucks not working well.
A very fun and entertaining game for the right price. Includes unlockable items, achievements (feint), and 3 game modes. Worth $1.00 easily.
Great game, but sometimes it doesnt slice the fruit when i touch and swipe my screen? (Mini pro) Anyone got any help please?
I loved the game until I seen charging again for the thd version and the iphone sucks to my Evo and got a update.
Love this game! But it freezes sometimes... probably works best with faster androids. I have a xperia x8...
This is a game well worth the money because it's so addictive. Works perfectly on my rooted Nook Color.
This is a game well worth the money because it's so addictive. Works perfectly on my rooted Nook Color.
Works good & it's fun, but too bad the iphone version seems to be the only one they care about...
Works good & it's fun, but too bad the iphone version seems to be the only one they care about...
Works good & it's fun, but too bad the iphone version seems to be the only one they care about...
Simple yet fun game and for a low price. Some of the achievements are kinda lame and sometimes don't register, but its worth the fun.
Simple yet fun game and for a low price. Some of the achievements are kinda lame and sometimes don't register, but its worth the fun.
Simple yet fun game and for a low price. Some of the achievements are kinda lame and sometimes don't register, but its worth the fun.
Amazing, 5 stars , very fun and addictive, it also gets great performance, Phone: The HTC Aria , Android 2.2 ( Froyo )
Amazing, 5 stars , very fun and addictive, it also gets great performance, Phone: The HTC Aria , Android 2.2 ( Froyo )
Should have a setting to change video quality.. that way ppl with slower devices can play without lag
Should have a setting to change video quality.. that way ppl with slower devices can play without lag
Should have a setting to change video quality.. that way ppl with slower devices can play without lag
Should have a setting to change video quality.. that way ppl with slower devices can play without lag
Should have a setting to change video quality.. that way ppl with slower devices can play without lag
Should have a setting to change video quality.. that way ppl with slower devices can play without lag
Should have a setting to change video quality.. that way ppl with slower devices can play without lag
Should have a setting to change video quality.. that way ppl with slower devices can play without lag
Should have a setting to change video quality.. that way ppl with slower devices can play without lag
Should have a setting to change video quality.. that way ppl with slower devices can play without lag
I would'be give this game 5 stars, but lately is not sensing my moves across the screen, causing Nero loose a lots of points. Please fix this.
I would'be give this game 5 stars, but lately is not sensing my moves across the screen, causing Nero loose a lots of points. Please fix this.
The second best game I've purchased for a dollar. A defining game for the Evil 4G.
always a fun one to pass time, but why should I have to pay over 3 bucks for the THD version? seriously?
always a fun one to pass time, but why should I have to pay over 3 bucks for the THD version? seriously?
always a fun one to pass time, but why should I have to pay over 3 bucks for the THD version? seriously?
To slow to run on HTC wildfire. Not able to get refund???? Even with the new update. Should indicate what CPU is needed
To slow to run on HTC wildfire. Not able to get refund???? Even with the new update. Should indicate what CPU is needed
Can't really complain. $1.21 is a weird price though.
Can't really complain. $1.21 is a weird price though.
how do u get it off the computer and does it work on the new desire?
It lags a bit. Can't be my CPU. I have a 1GHz Snapdragon. It also doesn't look good visually. Reduce the lag and increase the resolution
This is a great time killer. Definately one of the best games on the market. Well worth the price.
This is a great time killer. Definately one of the best games on the market. Well worth the price.
This is a great time killer. Definately one of the best games on the market. Well worth the price.
This is a great time killer. Definately one of the best games on the market. Well worth the price.
Used to be a great game to kill time. Since last 2 updates not so much fun. Freezes and not very responsive. Next to unplayable at this point Droid 2.
Used to be a great game to kill time. Since last 2 updates not so much fun. Freezes and not very responsive. Next to unplayable at this point Droid 2.
Sometimes lags. Figured it out. When conn w/bluetooth=lag. Bluetooth turned off=fast play. Works every time for me.
I have this game on my iPad also, and now on my HTC desire. Glad it available on both platforms.
I have this game on my iPad also, and now on my HTC desire. Glad it available on both platforms.
I have this game on my iPad also, and now on my HTC desire. Glad it available on both platforms.
I have this game on my iPad also, and now on my HTC desire. Glad it available on both platforms.
I have this game on my iPad also, and now on my HTC desire. Glad it available on both platforms.
Awesome timewaster, way too fun & addicting.luv sounds.Devours cpu &battery. Cant install to sd on Tmobile phones.
Awesome timewaster, way too fun & addicting.luv sounds.Devours cpu &battery. Cant install to sd on Tmobile phones.
Awesome game, NO flaws or bugs, great layout, best time passer...only problem is its extremely addictive
Awesome game, NO flaws or bugs, great layout, best time passer...only problem is its extremely addictive
Rovio makes these devs look like a joke. Laggy as hell. People have been complaining for months, yet still no fix. Cool game but way to laggy.
Rovio makes these devs look like a joke. Laggy as hell. People have been complaining for months, yet still no fix. Cool game but way to laggy.
Rovio makes these devs look like a joke. Laggy as hell. People have been complaining for months, yet still no fix. Cool game but way to laggy.
Adicting and super fun. Can lag sometimes which gets frustrating but over all great!
Works very smoothly on HTC Desire, nice graphics and sounds too.
Works very smoothly on HTC Desire, nice graphics and sounds too.
Love arcade mode but ever since last update it lags really bad and freezes up mid game all the time. Please fix the lag! Love the game besides that.
Love arcade mode but ever since last update it lags really bad and freezes up mid game all the time. Please fix the lag! Love the game besides that.
Love arcade mode but ever since last update it lags really bad and freezes up mid game all the time. Please fix the lag! Love the game besides that.
Love arcade mode but ever since last update it lags really bad and freezes up mid game all the time. Please fix the lag! Love the game besides that.
Love arcade mode but ever since last update it lags really bad and freezes up mid game all the time. Please fix the lag! Love the game besides that.
Love arcade mode but ever since last update it lags really bad and freezes up mid game all the time. Please fix the lag! Love the game besides that.
Love arcade mode but ever since last update it lags really bad and freezes up mid game all the time. Please fix the lag! Love the game besides that.
Love arcade mode but ever since last update it lags really bad and freezes up mid game all the time. Please fix the lag! Love the game besides that.
Love arcade mode but ever since last update it lags really bad and freezes up mid game all the time. Please fix the lag! Love the game besides that.
Love arcade mode but ever since last update it lags really bad and freezes up mid game all the time. Please fix the lag! Love the game besides that.
Love the game, no problems at all, just wish I could find iphone friends on feint. Samsung captivate
Pretty laggy on DroidX
Since the last update scoring is way down as fruits are scattered further apart in frenzy. Half-Brick, switch it back pre-update!
Since the last update scoring is way down as fruits are scattered further apart in frenzy. Half-Brick, switch it back pre-update!
Since the last update scoring is way down as fruits are scattered further apart in frenzy. Half-Brick, switch it back pre-update!
I would give this 5 stars for performance and addictive gameplay, just a shame that feint doesn't work. If this is fixed then 5 stars.
I would give this 5 stars for performance and addictive gameplay, just a shame that feint doesn't work. If this is fixed then 5 stars.
I would give this 5 stars for performance and addictive gameplay, just a shame that feint doesn't work. If this is fixed then 5 stars.
I would give this 5 stars for performance and addictive gameplay, just a shame that feint doesn't work. If this is fixed then 5 stars.
No where near as good as the iPhone version.. Lags and freezes up all the time on the droid x.. Don't buy!!
No where near as good as the iPhone version.. Lags and freezes up all the time on the droid x.. Don't buy!!
No where near as good as the iPhone version.. Lags and freezes up all the time on the droid x.. Don't buy!!
No where near as good as the iPhone version.. Lags and freezes up all the time on the droid x.. Don't buy!!
No where near as good as the iPhone version.. Lags and freezes up all the time on the droid x.. Don't buy!!
No where near as good as the iPhone version.. Lags and freezes up all the time on the droid x.. Don't buy!!
No where near as good as the iPhone version.. Lags and freezes up all the time on the droid x.. Don't buy!!
No where near as good as the iPhone version.. Lags and freezes up all the time on the droid x.. Don't buy!!
@samiru mabye it's your mobile that's slow not the game cos iPhone are very fast mobiles
@samiru mabye it's your mobile that's slow not the game cos iPhone are very fast mobiles
@samiru mabye it's your mobile that's slow not the game cos iPhone are very fast mobiles
@samiru mabye it's your mobile that's slow not the game cos iPhone are very fast mobiles
@samiru mabye it's your mobile that's slow not the game cos iPhone are very fast mobiles
@samiru mabye it's your mobile that's slow not the game cos iPhone are very fast mobiles
@samiru mabye it's your mobile that's slow not the game cos iPhone are very fast mobiles
@samiru mabye it's your mobile that's slow not the game cos iPhone are very fast mobiles
A lot better with arcade mode, and the game runs smoother now. But not the greatest resolution on captivate.
A lot better with arcade mode, and the game runs smoother now. But not the greatest resolution on captivate.
Was 5 stars till it started lagging after last update. I'm running desire hd. Please fix
Was 5 stars till it started lagging after last update. I'm running desire hd. Please fix
