U dont get many choices of where u can view. I wanted to view my dog at her kennel but it doesn't work there.
2-way audio working on panasonic BB series camera and HTC EVO. Rob is a great developer to work with and responds quickly. Awesome app and developer.
Developer is very easy to work with and is constantly updating the program. The program works as described. A must have for any Axis camera owner.
Best web can viewer on android. Rob is super helpful, updating all the time. Love it!
Great app, but soooo sick of the updates. C'mon already...is it every going to be a "finished project"?
Excellent app. Allows me to view different webcams from all over the world. Some of the traffic cams are working in Los Angeles, Ca. Easily worth $10.
Love it. Very happy with the way this app works with my FosCam cameras. So far, the only issue is not being able to find the "video" conversion files on the SD card.
Doesny work
when upgrading to use 2 way audio, i found the video started messing up even though without audio it is fine. i emailed the developer and got a quick response. unfortunately the response simply said 'lower resolution' after i emailed him asking how as there isn't an option, no reply. if i get better support on sorting it, i will give 5 stars as it is a great app apart from this
Instructions poor, its impossible to set up remote camera access via internet.
Still no 2-way audio for Foscam. Every time I update the app it breaks my widgets & I have to delete & replace them all again.
Every other week this app updates with quote More drivers and driver fixes.  What can I say other than bull$#!¥.  I emailed this guy to see if they would add drivers for a very popular band on eBay called DB-power ip camera The answer I got back was its a foscam clone use them. Emailed back to tell them they don't work with the 2-way audio. They then went as quite as the camera.
I purchased this, as after reading the reviews and seeing on forums, that apparently excellent support was quickly provided. However, I cannot get this to work with my (apparently) supported DVR, and the author  seems to have disappeared from the support scene. Wish I could get a refund!
Do not purchase this app until you verify it will work with the free version. I paid for the app and it didn't work with my Samsung DVR (app states that it was supported). Image was cutting in and out (with grey screen) and image blur on top half with weird vertical lines. Emailed owner for assistance twice with no responce. Poor customer care. Buyer Beware!!!
H
Please fix
The only reason I bought this was to use the audio features If you love the sound of crackling static without the ability to use a mic then this is for you
Try out a free version with your cameras, if it works, then consider this a 5 star review and a suggested buy. Sadly the latest update broke it for my cameras (QSee) and now it is basically useless to me. As soon as it gets fixed I'm going to change this review.
Im using a trendnet tvip600w  could view cam on lite version.  Have not been able to load cam on pro version. Trying to view it on Samsung note
out there...
Its the worst update I have seen. Still does not function.
My most used app. But crashes every time it's executed since the last update.
After newest update, always prompt error to reinstall & reboot. Please fix the problem as soon as possible.
Please fix...........cuntinuously collapse!
It is not a crash ... it is just a copy protection. But Latest update has an error in copy protection and now ALL legal copies is ILLIGAL! Author just disable his application for ALL users. Epic fail.
Constantly crashes
Like everyone is saying, latest update crashes even when uninstalled and reinstalled as per pop up. Working great until update. Please don't update if nothing is wrong or you don't have some really good features to add. Tia
Con esa ultima actualizacion, esta aplicacion quedo inservible. Se la pelaron, vean que @#%& hacen y la reparan.
Cant tell u. Every since, I purchased it I ve not been able to download it
It suddenly need to enter an app password. What s that? It cant work anymore!!!!
Didn't work anymore with new update
When I see the detail info I purchase the app I have a zmodo DVR- D19006 web client DVR fine me a solution if you can thank you.
Sucks
Unreliable. Force closes all the time. Only gave me 15 min to try before I could no longer get refund. It took that long just to set up. Not happy at all.
Run Swannview no problem at all, bought this used identical settings.........nothing, just won't connect to DVR. Not impressed as this I had to pay for but the free Swannview works fine.
Don't buy this software. I've buyed to use it with a Foscam FI8918W IP Camera. When activate microphone the camera start clicking in the speaker very loud and finally something have been burn. Camera speaker become unusable. Tested on two Foscam FI8918W cameras, same problem. What are these loud clicks ? When connecting from PC (IE) this clicks are not present. Only from phone with this application. I want my money back please !
The last update ruined my viewer now I can't get my camera anymore. I get no camera feed available. I have a 4g LG phone. My husbands razor and my dads droid as well. Please fix.
No good In El Paso TX
Beware took payment twice from my account no reply to emails crap app
This does not work on my phone. I emailed the developer in January to help to fix it, hear nothing back. I emailed on Friday to get a refund. Have not heard from developer. I would like a refund, please.
Won't work on ICS with generic dvr. I used the scan mode to set up. Developer answered my first email, then I never heard from him again. 3 unanswered emails. Super Cam just updated for ICS today and it is flawless, but only supports 4 cams at a time. Its free so I won't complain.
If you can't figure out or know what your cameras port number is then DON'T purchase!
i am so sick and tired of the 'please uninstall reboot and reinstall from market' nonsense when i restore this app/data from a backup.  it is clearly starting just fine as i can see my feed.  why do i have to reset the whole app up?  why cant this app be backed up and restored?  please do something that benefits MY use instead of adding more of this or that driver.
Paid for the app while using a different phone and it worked great.  However it does not work on my LG Spectrum.  It just closes right away.  Will work the first time but once you close it and try to use it again no go.
Paid twice for this app, no explenation, no refund and not much help apart from a link to the questions and  answers. Can't get it to  work on my Dell Streak  Waste of money
I purchased this app when it used to work, then one day since an update it no longer works with my Foscam F18918W camera configured with DYNDNS (no config settings were changed, it just stopped working, reinstalled the app and still nothing). Dont waste your money!
1 star until fixed..... This stupid app updates every day it was bound to eventually break something. Can't leave a good thing alone......
Dos't work in galexy s2
I contacted the Dev about transferring IP Cam Viewer Pro to my new HTC phone due to tech issues with my old Phone & Market Account. All he said was: " google associates your purchases with the original/purchase gmail address. those are google rules, not mine.  they own/run android market, not me.  I can't do much. " You'll have to repurchase the app again if you end up in a similar situation.  The 2-way audio support produces a lot of interference when not using wifi. RecordMode only saves photos NOT video.
Worked great 2 updates ago EVO. Now will not load cameras. Works fine on wifes phone. Non updated EVO
As of 10/03/11 audio microphone still doesn't work with a couple of my Foscams and a friends even though the developer says it does.
As of 10/03/11 audio microphone still doesn't work with a couple of my Foscams and a friends even though the developer says it does.
Great video streaming. Can't seem to get working audio with foscam brand though
Doesn't seem to get the sound feed off our tp-link camera but that's probably the camera setup being the cause.
Baught this on the promise that v4 would be fully functional on the doz27w/ip-109w. Still waiting :(
Program will not connect my camera. Mr. Chou will not reply to email for questions, and no refund (even within the 15m). HTC users beware.
100's of updates over the last couple of years and still no freakin audio support for D-Link cameras.
Got it last year. Never able to get it to work. Giving up
Love it.. I can watch my house from my phone anywhere.
The best IP cam app for Android! Excellent support. Great for your own cam or others in the world. Love the swipe to pan/tilt, and audio.
The only reason why I purchased this product was to hear audio from my phone. I tried the free version and decided to purchase this version but within a couple of hours I figured out the audio was not working. I then emailed Robert to either refund my money or fix the issue but he neither refunded money nor fixed the issue. I emailed a few times asking about the fix or refund but he refused to send any reply back. I am completely disappointed with this purchase.
The app always hang my ip camera. Need to restart the ip camera. Finally bought another ip app, no problem at all.
Installed and after a bit of messing about with settings got it working fine. Can now view my business CCTV DVR 8 cam from anywhere anytime. 5/5.
Not user friendly. I can't see it being any different than the one that was free. Waste of 5 bucks is my conclusion.
takes forever to load video, half the time it says camera unavailable when it is available.
Only 15 minutes to download and try it out or no refund. It had not finished dload and ten minutes were used up. It would take a few to test. Oh well.
Best web can viewer on android. Rob is super helpful, updating all the time. Love it!
Tried the lite. Developer helped me get my unsupported dvr working so bought the app.. Nice features and even the lite was worth the download!
This developer is good. He is the only one who made an application which works with my old Q-See system.
For some reason I couldn't get it beyond the set cameras. Couldn't get a refund either. Waste of 10 bucks. Save your money
Just works as advertised! Very pleased with performance. Nice perk to have access to worldwide cams. Using with Panasonic bl-c30 series cams.
Only 4 cams 2 of which never load! The program shuts itself off all the time. A waste of money!!
Fantastic app! Works perfect on Moto Droid. Developer keeps it updated better than ANY app in the market. I purchased even tho I only needed free ver.
Works great for monitoring elderly parents via Sharx webcam using Motor Droid. Most excellent!!!
Works flawlessly on HTC Incredible... kudos for the developer... only 3rd party app I've found that works with Geovision dv cards...
Has great traffic cams of my small city Tampa, FL. Please add more down I-75 South and on I-275 in St. Pete by where the Tampa Bay Rays play.
This is crazy. Everybody sayin this is so easy, and i cant figure it out for the life of me..i have no idea how to find traffic cams or do anything.
Needs more interesting and random camera browsing! That would be cool. Like random cities of the world.
Was not able to setup because no clear instructions for basic use webcam. Why pay for app if you need to dl other software just to use it. Not basic!
This application has never worked for me. The cams never work. I want my money back
This is a remarkable app works gr8 excellent work a must have app if u drive but can we get charlotte nc 485 and cams on 77 plz
Nice concept but DOESN'T refresh cameras... showed me traffic cam that 6+ hrs old!!! Unistall & refund!
Very cool! I was able to check on the pets while on vacation! Now I'm going to buy even more IP cams.
with no change log or visible changes are now just getting  annoying. Tell me why you are updating the app.
Worked great til update of ics. Now it won't work. So far no help from Robert Chou. Still works on my other devices that don't have ics update.
I have four Vivotek cams. I see a speaker icon for listening to the cam mics, but I don't hear any audio.  Also, only one of my cams responds to the IR light on/off function, and all four cams have the same settings internally.
I paid for the pro version because it supports two way audio but the audio support is so unreliable that it's unusable.  I'm using an x10 Airsight with a Droid Razr and a Galaxy Tab.  Audio works great through ie and  Activex but that's not a mobile solution.  Please fix audio support and I will bump up my rating.
Fantastic program until most recent update. Have tried  uninstall,  rebooting then reinstalling...multiple times, still crashes.
This app used to work ok after updates it does not connect anymore had no problems at firsrt has not worked since april
No support for Aztech IP cam WIPC401
Problem. Cisco WVC210 Video freeze when I turn on audio.
THE CAMERA MAKES "CLICKING" NOISES,  >>>>WORKS BEST ON FIREFOX BROWSER<<<< , AUDIO IN AND OUT IS LOUD AND CLEAR,... FOSCAM REPS SAID DON'T USE "PRO" CAUSE ITS BUGGY,  DUMB STUPID HINDUI'S    LOL  >> VIDEO AND AUDIO WAS GOOD BOTH WAYS :), IF IT DOES'NT 4 U, U GOT A CRAP PHONE...............I DONT>>>>HTC REZOUND !
No audio support for the astak mole? I get the option to listen to audio on my Panasonic bl-c10.... which doesn't even have audio.... please fix
I find tinyCam Monitor better for my Foscam FI8919w for user interface (its less cluttered and shows fps and data rate), phone to cam speaker audio (doesn't work over internet with IP Cam Viewer), pan and tilt control (PT swipe on IP Cam Viewer sucks), video stream, and camera admin settings. The over all interaction with my camera is better with tinyCam Monitor.   IP Cam Viewer is better for camera mic to phone speaker audio (its a bit louder then tinyCam), and recording and ability to convert the recording to video is better on IP Cam Viewer. Recording sucks on tinyCam.  I bought both and hope they both improve.
Listen failed on nook color since there is no mic.  That hardly makes sense.
When audio is on (WVC200), bottom half of display changes colors & audio has a lot of static.  Waiting for developer to respond to email, will update.
This works superbly with my y cam far better than their own application very worthwhile the price
GEOVISION PTZ SUPPORT! PLEASE? BEST DVR CARD ON THE MARKET AND NO PTZ SUPPORT?
Works great with my EDIMAX cameras
Wonderful software! Highly recommend.
Purchased on Android + Iphone after using free version. Wanted sound, but quite a pricey app considering it boots me out and freezes. Unreliable.
not worth the $5 at all... very slow and limited. I do not recommend download.
I have been using it for over a month, hooked up to my Foscam FI8918W and it's been working flawlessly. Great app and I'm glad I bought it!
Wish audio worked on dlink 6620. Gave dev access to my cameras..never responded....Will rate app higher when audio works!!!
Every single camera that chose from the menu it only shows a still picture. Is it me or this is fake and I paif for it.
I've used many and this is the best cctv remote view app! Works perfectly on 3g. Dev is always improving supported cams/dvr's & constantly updating
Tried the free version for a few weeks and upgraded. Great product. I dont mind the updates shows the dev is trying to keep new features coming.
The software is good. Needs to be updated to be able to set your cameras settings. Be able to play back a recorded session on any day or time.
Still can not add cameras in my home town. Force closes all the time. I do send the reports.
Wow, nice job, so worth 5 bucks, i view the sec cams at wrk perfectly!
But, I paid for the upgrade to the pro version mainly for the audio support it claimed only to find that my camera's audio is not supported, and it sounds like it will never be supported.  So, if you have a D-Link DCS-5300G, stick with the lite version.
The widget do not work but other than that it's a great app
Fantastic!
good app overall
I can't install the last update. It shows instalation error either in defaut directory or in SD card.
The audio stopped working after last update!
I like the interface but it's not working for my Samsung SDE-5001 surveillance system at home and I'm putting the exact settings in that I use on the Samsung iPolis app which work.
After recent update does not work on Samsung Galaxy Nexus with Jelly Bean
No sound on nook tablet
it used to work... now it goes for 30 seconds and freezes! then it closes with "Please un-install, reboot, and re-install from the Android Market" - no reply from author, I will find another app.
Great app!  Had it for few years and now with ics update on razr it does not work. Please fix with update!!
Worked a treat on my galaxy s just can't get it working on galaxy s 3.
How do you get it to work from my phone? It works from the computer but option is greyed out on my phone.
The refresh rate is super slow even with 1 camera. The software it replaced superlive pro was good but became unusable with ics update. So,  had to go with this
Lost  preset functions for my foscams not a good update
Really like this app, but I question why it needs the permission to record audio.... since the mic on my tablet doesn't work anyways, its no big deal at the moment, but that may change at some point at which time, it will be a concern...
This has been a very good program until now. What happened. If you uninstall, will you lose all of your settings???  Yes, I lost all of my setting and it still crashes........
Latest update crashes Transformer TF201 w/ ICS 4.0.3, asking to uninstall/reboot/reinstall.  Did that, still crashes same error
Used to be great.  SuperLivePro is more reliable.
The Only good thing about this one is that is has Widgets. TimyIPCam Monitor is better, faster, and the interface is nicer to use. Unfortunately I've bought both, and ONLY use this one for Widgets.
Great app,  recent update crashes and says to reboot and reinstall from market.  Please fix
Latest update says to uninstall...reboot...reinstall but still crashes.  Please fix.
This is a great app..but the latest update is crashing and requires a re install
Good app up until now, crashes on startup on my tablet and my phone.  Uninstall/reinstall doesn't help.
I keep getting a mesage that says i need to reinstall.  I have done this 5x now.  Please fix.  I have a tf101 on ICS 4.0.3
Latest update crashes and says please uninstall, reboot and reinstall via market place. This is on a sgs2 running ics. Previous version was fine.
The App is ok and works fine however, the widget does not update as advertised on ICS 4.0.4. Please fix..........
Even on paid version audio does not get enabled and does not work
how about a access log?
last few days not working with my apexis
I think this app is great! We use it for security in our home.  I have not been able to figure out if the motion detection / alarm setting can be managed or adjusted from a mobile device.	I love the application. It allows me peace of mind as I travel internationally yet stay visually connected to my home. Unable to figure out the audio
Used it one week then after update it quit. Show unable to retrieve camera. Since I paid for this app I would be a lot happier if they would provide a fix ASAP.
It works but app loses signal and then it stops working until i restart phone. Does the same on tablet. Lock up my dvr then  have to restart dvr.  Dvr is winbook security h.264. Tablet kindle fire and phone is galaxy s 4g. I would love this to work, it a great little app. I just dont run it for long periods of time. One or two minutes.
No sound.
I only install it temporarily for the duration that I use it.  It runs in the background for no reason and the developer claims that it does not (adb shell ps performed after a reset of a stock razr and reset of a stock Xoom tells me better).  So, if you have plenty of memory or have few applications that rudely run for no good reason then this application should be fine and does its job well.  But, if you are like me and find that the cumulative result of all 28 of such rude applications prevents you from answering calls then this will contribute to the aggregate debacle.
Overall a good application. My issues have been with my Foscam 8918W and 2 way audio. The audio from the camera to my phone works sometimes and the talking from my phone through the Foscam camera speaker does not work at all. It does work just fine when using Internet Explorer. When I emailed the developer I got a canned response blaming the camera. If it works with Internet Explorer and my home WiFi and it doesn't work with IP Cam Viewer Pro and my home WiFi the issue is with the application and not the camera.This is an important feature for me that is missing.  tinyCam Monitor  seems to work for listening to the camera consistently. I'm not sure about the talking through the camera speaker yet. Not crazy about paying to find out. *** Update *** - I did buy and test two way audio with tinyCam monitor paid version and it works !. Both audio monitoring and talking from the phone through the camera.  It works best with WiFi  but will work with  mobile broadband if you can get 150kbps or better throughput.
When I connectvto kodicom diginet, it's restarting thevdiginet system,  please corect
After recent updates, dvr such as falco cl8 or 16 no longer work from external view. Cl4 seem to be fine.
Great app, needs to speed up refresh speed using wifi. Galaxy Skyrocket.
Works great for viewing home IP Cams. Sound is choppy prob due to home DSL bandwidth.  Great app. GUI could use a little polishing
I would give this app a 5 but very few of the camera options work. mostly just a viewer... wish I could pan the camera or listen to audio.
Audio has too much static.  Hard to set up for viewing away from home network. ICam is MUCH easier to view any place, but it doesn't control the camer
Don't know why out wel not update. Out says out needs an update but when I touch the up date button on my droidX out just shows a white screen.
Great app BUT there are updates almost daily and most of them are forced manual even if the automatic update box is checked.   5 stars otherwise.
I love the app and its features but dev has ignored an interface issue he's known about for months. Droid x
I trialled the basic version and quite liked it. I upgraded to the Pro to get audio from my 7000 series cameras. It doesn't work (for me) so I feel let down for now. I feel it's mis-leading the way the controls in the app seem to imply it would work and it's not obvious from the website. 15 minutes to reject the app isn't good enough to put in the config details etc. I'm hoping audio will be possible in the near future. If it is, I'll be very happy - if not, I could have stuck with my iPhone and it's app.
Best software for cctv, I tried lots of them, works great for my geovision system
Hard understand and harder to get cam in your city
Its iight but its slow. I got a 8 camera system and it takes too long to update each camera for viewing. Speed this thing up and stop playing around
I wish the sound talk feature would work a little bit better but otherwise great. It can do the most important thing I needed to pan and tilt.
Deserving of more stars if dev can make app appear in recent apps list (long press home button). Uninstalled.
My Storage Options camera model is not listed. With what is listed, the audio does not work either way.
Most recent upgrade has too many problems...previous cans load intermittently....cannot depend on viewer to show cams any more
I'm reducing my rating for IP Cam Viewer because it seems to do a periodic license check that makes it incompatible with Titanium Backup. After a restore, it phones home and then exits with "Please-un install, reboot, and re-install from the Android market".
Great app with regular updates. Foscam talk to cam feature is improving with every release. Still needs some work but very usable.
Product works great but the thing that makes this a 5-star rating is the support. Rob went above and beyond to add and test my camera (Cisco VC240)!!
Poor ui. Record mode only take pictures: should make an mp4 movie file from images. Pan left and right are inverted. Record mode is hidden away.
Talk to camera almost working for foscam FI8918W after most recent update. Makes a clicking noise while talking. HTC Evo 3D. Otherwise great app.
Amazing little app. Hooked up to all my cameras the first time. works great on my HTC Evo 4G. the widget feature let's me drop right on screen.
I usually don't ever write reviews but this is an exception because it is so good. I stream a webcam above my front door with Yawcam. I can then view this cam on my android phone wherever I go. Yawcam will email you if there is motion with some images (along with tons of other things). Get this app, I highly recommend it! Oh yea, there is even a widget for putting my cam stream right on the phones main screens!!!
Does everything it says very well. Allows me to view and operate my home security cameras which include Vivotech. Y cam. Support excellent.
Why would such an application need to automatically start at boot? It also does not support my q-see pci card. The qsee is junk, more likely to blame.
Cams in North TX do not stream. Cams in other area like Tx Panhandle do stream and othet states. These are Tx Highway Cams
The best app... for the price... This is the most used app on my Vibrant... THANKS!
Amazing....I have 18 ip cams in this app. Perfect connections every time. Good clear pictures.
Use it for my own Axis cameras. Optimal network camera viewer. Lots of features, lots of support. All around good value.
Wow, nice job, so worth 5 bucks, i view the sec cams at wrk perfectly!
Nice, but make sure it has your city first. Didnt check mine and now its too late for refund. Developer was unresponsive when I requested he added it.
Works well, but I'm tired of the constant update reminders on my phone.  How about 1 per month?  I have yet to see any value in updates.
Really cool u can see if there is traffic ahead or when your sitting in triffic u can see wuts ahead or just watch cars in other countrys for fun lol
AWESOME!!!!!!!  I badly need the alarm feature and automatic recording of video when motion detected.........  Can't WAIT!!!!!
Love it but.. (posting here because the forum is not letting me post)  Hi I'm using the paid (pro) version on Android.  I have a Vivotek IP7160 with the latest firmware (couple of years old now mind) and ICVP gets images from it fine.  But ePTZ control does not work because it uses the wrong URL.  ICVP uses for example: /cgi-bin/camctrl/camctrl.cgi?move=up /cgi-bin/camctrl/camctrl.cgi?move=down /cgi-bin/camctrl/camctrl.cgi?move=left /cgi-bin/camctrl/camctrl.cgi?zoom=wide /cgi-bin/camctrl/recall.cgi?presetname=5&recall=5  Whereas the web interface uses:  /cgi-bin/camctrl/eCamCtrl.cgi?stream=0&zoom=tele&_=1345642265681 /cgi-bin/camctrl/eCamCtrl.cgi?stream=0&zoom=wide&_=1345642316205  /cgi-bin/camctrl/eCamCtrl.cgi?stream=0&move=up&_=1345642330484 /cgi-bin/camctrl/eCamCtrl.cgi?stream=0&move=down&_=1345642332233 /cgi-bin/camctrl/eCamCtrl.cgi?stream=0&move=left&_=1345642333029 /cgi-bin/camctrl/eCamCtrl.cgi?stream=0&move=right&_=1345642333895 /cgi-bin/camctrl/eCamCtrl.cgi?stream=0&move=home&_=1345642334603 /cgi-bin/camctrl/eRecall.cgi?stream=0&recall=LocationName  Is it possible for me to change or add a profile on my device - or do I have to wait for you update
My Foscam FI8918W is mounted upside down. All controls work fine in 'inverted mode'  except the 'light on/off'. The app inverts the light toggle such that selecting 'off' actually turn the light 'on' and vice-versa.
Love it. Very happy with the way this app works with my FosCam cameras. So far, the only issue is not being able to find the "video" conversion files on the SD card.
Good
This app is well developed but it eats data when using widgets. Like 2 gig in two days! Dont use widgets and try not to veiw cams unless on wifi, unless you have truely unlimited data. My data was throttled 2 days into my billing cycle and now the app doesnt function because my speed is so slow.
How about adding a relay pulse button for single click gate opening. Great app! I Have pdvr viewer for pc for my dvr but its not on your app. Can you decompile or something to write codec for ip cam pro? DL@telkomsa.net
Video and camera control work great.  Great response from the dev when I had questions.  Would appreciate properly working audio with DB-Power cameras.
Works fine.
UI is a bit clunky sometimes, but the camera functionality works great. Definitely worth the purchase.
Super dependable, loads of functions.  One thing I use it for is to monitor and control my garage door from anywhere.  Do not like the new PTZ controls and lack of presets.  I am also getting the "insufficient storage available" error when I try to install this latest update.
Been using this as a baby monitor and we love it! I can see baby from work and hear him also! Amazing! For some reason though, I cannot zoom in and out. Am I the only person with this issue?
App has quit working over 3g, works fine over wifi
Great app in general (old version 5 stars), but If you need the preset function as major feature the new version its a downturn - you need now to press 2 buttons to move your PTZ cam to a preset position - if you have 5 position to view you press 10 times ... If I only could re-install the previous version!
Been using this as a baby monitor, it works great! PLEASE make the volume stay on when going in and out of app. And PLEASE make some sort of visual indication that it is on or off.
As far as funtionality, this app is hands down the best you can get and works amazingly. I left out 1 star purely for lack of asthetic appeal. Better UI please!
I love this app but it stopped working after last update I have the AT&TSamsung galaxy s3 on ics please help
I have been using the lite for a year or so, and just purchased pro bc I bought a FI8910W. The 2 way audio clicks through the cam, but I will await a fix. Good job, other than that.
Works extremely well. Fast and frequent updates. But UI needs serious overhaul. Just amateur and ugly IMHO. Please get a graphic designer to help redesign it.
Loses connection every few seconds on 4g and WiFi. Sorry that I paid for it. UPDATE. Working much better now after the last couple of updates.
I could not do what i do without this app! If you manage IP cams you need this now!
The infra red controls are not working properly,  you cannot re initiate the mobile detection and the 2 way audio are not working on droid x.  Both listen and speak worked in the past occasionally, now they don't work at all. Works just fine on the wife's iphone.  Just need to do everything it says that it can do in the description and I will rate it 5 stars.
Has always been a great home security cam tool, but recently, motion detect toggle has stopped working. Using on Droid3. Hoping it gets fixed soon.
Works great, Samsung galaxy s2, but please enable audio for Nightowl dvr!!!
Ive had this ap for three years its great
Latest update says un-install, reboot and re-install from market, still dead after following instructions.  I expect the responsive dev will have this sorted shortly.
This app is extremely stable and does exactly what it says it does, simply and effectively. Some of the drivers aren't quite right yet but they improve almost everyday. Overall I am very happy with it.
No problems and very stable until the most recent update.  Hope this gets fixed soon
Picture quality neefs improvement since I purchased the pro version and I thought I would be getting good quality. Update that please and other than that its a great app!
Great app work all the time. Others i have tried crash half the time.
This app always runs smoothly, no crashes, has everything I'd want. Gave 4 stars because the pan control button panel is clunky. Needs to somehow have the option to reduce to just directional arrows, I rarely use all the other ftz buttons and its so clunky with all of them there
It is a nice app, work great. Can you add like motion detection alert for phone?
Nice. Video a little choppy. Cant control my ptz thru the dvr either.
Works great but leaves something to be desired in looks and aesthetics
I love this app. I use it with a Foscam IP can for a baby monitor. My only gripe is no squelch feature. With a squelch this app would be 5 stars.
For example it could have an option to remember some of my settings like being mute or not.
Love this app. Just need audio supported for my camera eSky C5900 and would be perfect.
Love it. This is the best IP cam viewing app out there. I would give it 5 but my new updated version is pixelated in Gallery view.  Not in any other view though. Otherwise it's awesome.
Best program of its kind. Finally bought to support dev.  And got drivers to work with dvr. Well worth paying for. Still needs FPS option. other prog for same camera, FPS much faster.
Some webcam that I have the habit to watch are becoming lazy! Sometimes they react after a few hours !!! It append after an automatic update... Could you find a solution for that. (working on Asus transformer)
Nigga the best
Easy setup and feature rich to view my dahua dvr on my HTC sensation. Love the cool widget feature. Thanks.
I think this app is great! We use it for security in our home.  I have not been able to figure out if the motion detection / alarm setting can be managed or adjusted from a mobile device.	I love the application. It allows me peace of mind as I travel internationally yet stay visually connected to my home. Unable to figure out the audio
Use for more than a year and suggested many of my friends to use also. Very stable and easy to set up. But no sound from all 8 of my DLink DCS-2120. Other wise I can give 5 stars. My cameras and router setting should be done correctly since there is no problem to view and listen over web browser from work place.
Don't think can get sound yet though from zmodo H9116. Love the widgets wish had extra small option so could fill more on one screen.  Takes forever to get first image. Asee or DVRplayer by meyetech bring up images faster and I think with better refresh rate but they don't have widgets or matrix view. They are free though.
Just one complaint, with the sound on I receive a lot of static, while not being any where near the camera. Besides that great app.
My zomodo 4 channel dvr,,wasnt allowing any camera views thru my htc droid incredible 2.  Robert located and emailed me the correct camera info,,and everything works great Very knowledgeable and  polite. Michael j
Working fine till today htc sensation. Camera feed not available message.
Works fine for MJPEG cams. RTSP streaming does not seem to include SDP support. No support for joining multicast groups. Great interface though.
Works well with my home setup with ethernet cameras and dynamic dns.
Need camera shots of the Sunshine Skyway Bridge in Florida.
Very nice app. But i wish i had known there arent any traffic cams in WV...
Config was easy. I have 2 Foscams and 2 Panasonic cams in and around the house. Use android and iPad to monitor. Works great. Easy to use.
No issues, works great with my Hootoo camera and Q-see security system and Samsung Epic phone
Would give 5 stars if audio worked with q-see qs408
Great app! audio support for astak mole would get 5 stars.  Anyway to get fps display?
I installed the free version and it worked strtaight away for my cameras - I had one camera server that was not supported.  I emailed Robert Chou with a request to add the camera server - within a couple of weeks it was added and supported - well done and thanks Robert :-)     PS - I have now purchased the paid version so I can get rid of the ads and manage more cameras
I used this app with a Foscam PTZ camera until it -- the camera -- died, then bought a Zmodo 4-channel DVR.  IP Cam Viewer didn't support the DVR at first, but I e-mailed the developer, set up an account on my DVR for him to troubleshoot it, and a few weeks later a new version was released with drivers that supported my security system!  It works great on my Galaxy SII, my Galaxy 8.9 Tab, my Viewsonic G-Tablet, and it worked on my Captivate.  IP Cam Viewer just started showing up in my (Sony Bluray) Google TV's market too.  The app installs, but camera configuration always fails, despite using the same settings I use on my other devices.  I'm going to notify the developer to see if he can get it working, but even if he can't, I'm very, very happy with this app!
Nice app...if I can add national prk cams...then I will rate it a 5
Wonderful app. I'd give it 5 stars if the quality were as good as the "basic" version. Its still a much better app than the others that are out there, just wish I could remove ads, add more cameras, and keep whatever magic that made night time streams so crystal clear in "basic". All settings are identical, but its just not as sharp.  Keep up the good work.
works awsome never have had a problem
I've been using this app for awhile now,  and it works great! I have it on my xoom, DROID Inc, and MY new RAZR.
Picture quality great. Just needs improvements around 2-way audio for Foscam. Thanks for the frequent updates.
Great software so far..  Please add the ability to turn on and off the IR LED..  Keep it coming..
Listen failed on nook color since there is no mic.  That hardly makes sense.
Works fine with apexis J series.
Love the app, but it drains my battery after it is opened.   Can this be fixed?  I don't need it running in the background always, just when I need it
A few model cams were not available but overall it works good
Lots of options. Well engineered.
Best
PZT Controls are goofy and not accurate but video quality and other functions work well.
Speaker on camera making weird noises when using the phone mic. Would like to be able to choose the directory where the snapshots are saved.
Great app but we need a browse button when we do imports versus typing in a location which I mispell everytime.
I agree with post from oct 5th. by Steve. need talk to camera option on foscam. It works from my IE browser, but not from this app.  I like the app tho!
It needs work. The controls. Needs more fluid controls, up is down, right is left? Clean up the controls and its a 5 star
Great video streaming. Can't seem to get working audio with foscam brand though
5 stars if you stop seemingly-daily uodates!
Doesn't seem to get the sound feed off our tp-link camera but that's probably the camera setup being the cause.
Works great with Night owl, pretty fast too!
To date, this is the only app I've paid for. Works very well. Any chance of getting audio for the D-Link 5300 series?
Only complaint is that the interface could use a facelift.
I like it but I can't get it to find camras
Great app! Needs option to select # of cams displayed...i hate havin 2squares black with my 6cam setup
I am 95% happy with this software. I use it for three different Vivotek cameras and one Intellinet. The Vivotek cameras all are PTZ. This app does well at tilt, but barely nudges the pan at all -- it would take about 30 minutes to get the camera to go full circle one nudge at a time. I don't know what the issue is, but perhaps some scaling factor is needed to adjust from one camera model to another??
..if you like endless updates for who knows what them this is for you.
Pan and Tilt using the trackball on my N1 has stopped working in recent versions. Touch and on-screen arrows still work.
Great video, audio is much better but still low, no Mic, foscam, HTC incredible
Couldn't instl the sw that came with prod to my phone and this app is the perfect solution. Audio from cam works. voice to cam makes loud clicking
Cant talk thru paid app, only listen...why?
I wish the sound talk feature would work a little bit better but otherwise great. It can do the most important thing I needed to pan and tilt.
Such a good app, no problems at all.
I use it with blue iris and 3 bangers and it works great. I only wish it would let me access my stored recordings...
Seems to be running smooth. Will watch out for fc's.
HTC EVO 3D - This app worked instantly after loading the traffic cameras I wanted to see. You have done an outstanding job, Mr. Chou. Keep sending good technology and I will keep buying it. Thank you.
Great product. Works like it should. Very little issues getting it to work with our current security camera system. John
Product works great but the thing that makes this a 5-star rating is the support. Rob went above and beyond to add and test my camera (Cisco VC240)!!
great app, listening feature works, but the talk thru doesnt. Any chance of email alerts?
Wish I could just type the street name where the camera is located in the traffic section
i wvc54gca, after upgrade to paid version, able to hear the sound, but super deteriorated no matter how i adjust frame rate. but from pc sound is ok.
I have been in the surveillance industry for around 20 years and have watched the camera technology evolve in leaps and bounds...this is a good example. Great for DIY surveillance without paying a monitoring company....with nice added feature of traffic and beach cams....
Soooooo Awesome! The zoom feature completes this app...i wouldnt write a comment otherwise
I can see through my cameras with this application real well. I haven't figured out how to control my DVR with this application yet. I do recommend it
Great app on Moto Droid and Xoom. Developer responded and fixed an issue within 15 minutes after an update
Great app on Moto Droid and Xoom. Developer responded and fixed an issue within 15 minutes after an update
This App is great! I can see my cameras from my cell! I want to add more than just 6 cameras i dont think its possible here is it??
The only reason why I purchased this product was to hear audio from my phone. I tried the free version and decided to purchase this version but within a couple of hours I figured out the audio was not working. I then emailed Robert to either refund my money or fix the issue but he neither refunded money nor fixed the issue. I emailed a few times asking about the fix or refund but he refused to send any reply back. I am completely disappointed with this purchase.
Great app, connected to my home cctv no problem. A button for manual refresh would be useful for dealing with timeouts
Love this app, just wish the audio would work for Foscam... That's why I paid for the full version.
I'd give it five stars except the audio out to the latest Foscam cameras still doesn't work.
I'd give it five stars except the audio out to the latest Foscam cameras still doesn't work.
good app, works well with panasonic bcl10 ip cam and zte blade (orange sanfransisco)
Wish audio worked on dlink 6620. Gave dev access to my cameras..never responded....Will rate app higher when audio works!!!
Wish audio worked on dlink 6620. Gave dev access to my cameras..never responded....Will rate app higher when audio works!!!
Wish audio worked on dlink 6620. Gave dev access to my cameras..never responded....Will rate app higher when audio works!!!
Great app, totally worth the $5. Easily worked with my foscam, the mic is okay but I think the issue us more my phone than the app
I will gladly change my rating to 5 stars when my cameras don't glitch and switch to other camera images while in the matrix view.
I will gladly change my rating to 5 stars when my cameras don't glitch and switch to other camera images while in the matrix view.
Works great with my Foscam Fi8908W. Only thing I've never tested is the audio speaker on the camera, but I love being able to hear what my dog's up to
Works very good with many of our dvrs but still having problems with some qsee dvrs as well as bosch dvrs we support for our commercial clients.
Works well with my Q-see, however it sometimes won't update properly (hangs during download, the ONLY app I have that does so).
I have several Panasonic BL series IP cams and this app is perfect for viewing on your android phone. It is easy to set up and use and it works flawlessly on both the Samsung Epic 4g and the HTC Thunderbolt. The free version is great but the paid version gets rid of the ads and lets you hear sound on cameras that have that feature.This application is worth the money. Thanks Robert!
Works great! Says it has capability to scan cameras, but I couldn't figure it out.
Excellent full featured app. Has worked flawlessly on every IP cam I've tried unlike others.
Works great with the Panasonic ip cameras I bought to use as nanny cams! EXTREMELY happy with the software and the customer service!
Great app, but i dont like how it stops working each time an update becomes available.
Great camera viewing. Works over 3g and Wifi. Hearing works great. Sound does not work to the camera speaker Foscam 8918W with latest firmware updates. Please fix talk option for this camera. Mic works great....talk does not. 5 stars when fixed.
Great app with frequent updates. Hoping the foscam clicking issue will get fixed soon.
hct Incredable
Love this app! Using on DROID X for DC traffic. Would get 5 stars if there were more cameras - especially for the toll rd
Great app. Worked well with my system... setup was EZ. Easily worth the cost to keep an eye on things. Thanks!
Exceeded expectations! It saved me $100's. CCTV service wanted to sell me new unit, but Robert modified his app so I can view all my restaurants now.
Works very well with my foscam's. UI could be more friendly, otherwise a great app!
Tthe best app for ip cans in my opinion. Very easy to install cameras. The only issue is sometimes the load time of the cameras take time..
Tthe best app for ip cans in my opinion. Very easy to install cameras. The only issue is sometimes the load time of the cameras take time..
Works great for monitoring elderly parents via Sharx webcam using Motor Droid. Most excellent!!!
Outstanding! Best app on my phone. Have 11 geovision cameras and this brought them in easily. Very fast via wi-fi
Good app BUT keeps huge process in memory even when app or widget not running,which will slow down your device esp.if older
Really outstanding camera app, with audio. Also very fast, keeps up with live video on my cams.
Was working great on my evo with the Dlink 5300 camera Now with the update it wont turn, tilt or pan.Nevermind had to use other button to work
Great app but Maryland has a a web site with a boatload of traffic came. Can we get these added to app?
I'm so impressed with Rob's software, I had to give it 5 stars. He even added support for my businesses NVR software. It works perfectly!
Works flawlessly on HTC Incredible... kudos for the developer... only 3rd party app I've found that works with Geovision dv cards...
An excellent addition would be ssl/https support. Otherwise, an excellent application!
Still can not add cameras in my home town. Force closes all the time. I do send the reports.
Would get 5 stars if it allowed grouping of cameras via folders, network ssid, or GPS location. Still GREAT app!
Would get 5 stars if it allowed grouping of cameras via folders, network ssid, or GPS location. Still GREAT app!
Excellent viewer... using Droid in Los Angeles. Freeway images here are super slow to refresh. Is this because of slow LA cameras?
Amazing app works easily with geovision no problems and works even faster if your connected to wifi
Use it for my own Axis cameras. Optimal network camera viewer. Lots of features, lots of support. All around good value.
Wow, nice job, so worth 5 bucks, i view the sec cams at wrk perfectly!
Works great for accessing my geovision system. Would like to see ability to do groupings and then maybe i'd watch traffic cams too.
Awesome app. Would love to be able to disable chosen personal cams while retaining the url so if u hav lots wont cause app to run slow or forse close
Really cool u can see if there is traffic ahead or when your sitting in triffic u can see wuts ahead or just watch cars in other countrys for fun lol
Purchased for my Android phone and my iPad!!! Always being updated, and great support.
This is a GREAT app.. I have several cameras set up for security at my home and this app lets me see them really quickly, has a bunch of pre-sets I can choose from as well as other things - touch to pan-tilt, listen or talk, night or day mode - light on or off - all the options that my individual cameras have I can use.. The developer is great at keeping the app up to date - I had to contact him once to switch phones and he responded right away - honestly there is nothing I need that this app doesn't have.  I have to paid version for the extra functionality and to get rid of the ads.. I get so much for a tiny price, and, like I said, he is constantly updating for new drivers, different cameras and new options for each camera. I have three brands and they all work great!  Thanks Robert!
Fantastic!
ABSOLUTELY AMAZING works great with my Geovision system and foscam cameras and iq invision ip camera. This works better than Geovision mobile app. Developer constantly updates Worth every penny thank you
It is really a great application,  and there is a great updates every time, it is very useful, thanks.
Works with my oldest setup (4 analog cameras on zoneminder) through my newest PTZ cams, including 2way audio for the ones that support it.
amazing app, amazing and prompt support from the creator. tkank you for makig this
I like the way you continue to tweak and improve ipcam, other developers should learn from you.
I have tried a number of apps before coming accross this one.   The options for widgets that I set to refresh every 15 mins and ability to view all cameras at once was my main prority which this app delivered.  I used the basic version then decided to buy pro to support the developer.  I would like the option for motion detect eventually.
Thanks Robert!  Works fine with my panasonic camera. Going to try it on some cheapo Trendnet cameras.
First non-brand specific ip cam app that works w my Foscam fi8918w, speaker and mic actually work too. The real selling point for me is the ability to record video and save to my external sd as the camera itself only takes snapshots.  My only issue is that the left and right panning controls are reversed
Very recommended! I used the lite version since my cameras grow total beyond 6 cameras then I bought this paid pro version!
Been using this app for years and it's always worked exceptionally well. Developer is very quick in responding to email requests. This is one of the most useful apps on my phone!
Works flawlessly with my Gadspot 8 Channel DVR that currently has 7 outdoor cameras connected, and a Panasonic IP cam  in my Office. Excellent display on my ZOOM Tablet! Audio from my Panasonic IP Cam works good. I have rx excellent support from Robert! Thank you Robert for bringing back the Presets! For me, this the most useful and essential of all the Apps I have installed!
I tried 4 or 5 ip cam viewers, and this is the only one that worked without a problem.  The interface is basic, but intuitive.  Great for anyone with a home security camera system.
It takes up over 12 mb on my samsung intercept so i have2 move it fr cd to phone 4 every update. Its been a pain lately cuz there have been so mny. If u could fix this i would b sooooo thankfull?
It takes up over 12 mb on my samsung intercept so i have2 move it fr cd to phone 4 every update. Its been a pain lately cuz there have been so mny. If u could fix this i would b sooooo thankfull?
The app is once again useful to me again.  Back to being my favorite Android app.
Very good
im a cheapskate, but this app worked so good that I actually paid for it. I have trendnet, edimax, and vivotek cameras
No question, I've tried a few IP Camera apps and this by far is the best. The Developer is at the top of his game always modifying and updating this app to continually give users the best in an ever changing environment. AAA+
No question, I've tried a few IP Camera apps and this by far is the best. The Developer is at the top of his game always modifying and updating this app to continually give users the best in an ever changing environment. AAA+
Perfectly works. Good job.
very good child alternative to baby monitor system
very goog
I remain very pleased with this app. Never a problem.
I am an installatiins manager at a security companybi havevused this app for two years now and it has been flawless. U did contact the Dev once and he did resoond the first time with the answer that worked. I have uwed this with many cameras no DVR's yet though. Updated regularly for two years. Aweskme app awesome DEV. Keeo up the good work. Started on Droid X and now on Samsung Galaxy3S both works perfectly.
Been using this app for a year now and could not ask for more. I asked robert if there was going to be audio support for BI3 and he said he would work on it. Well he got it done. This dev rocks when it comes to bring support and features that people ask for. If something does not work you either don't know what your doing or have not asked for it. Keep up the good work. The app is worth more than i paid for it.
My WAN IP address changed, that's the only reason I couldn't connect.  But Mr. Chou responded quickly to my inquiry promptly and hinted that it may have changed and that's why I couldn't connect, and after putting in the new one, everything is great.  Great support, great app!
Works flawlessly. No force closes. No errors ever. Just works great for me on my samsung vibrant and galaxy tab 10.1
best ip camera app and just keeps getting better
The basic version is great, but the full version is well worth the price.  The export function made it easy to put all my camera views from my phone to my tablet.
Can't believe the speed emails and requests are responded within and its a great app
Developer is very fast at responding and is working on fixes and changes. I emailed him with a request and he had it competed that same night!
Great app, great support from dev. Worth the money for pro version
Purchased the paid version as thought the developer did such nice work on free version. Regular updates, can view multiple cams, and works with wide range of camera models. Again great app thanks. Works great on my Motorola droid razar max and asus tft101
Works perfect to use and manage my home security camera network (7 cameras).
Love it! Using a Foscam.
Love it! I've been using this great app for well over 18 months now and it's still the best app I've ever purchased for the Android platform.
Works great with my wansview 541 and cameras like this. Even listening works for this type of cheap cameras.
Love it ...Works well on my HCT EVO 4G.. running 6 Foscams for a while now...HIGHLY Recommend and Mr Chou keeps it updated frequently ....had a phone glitch (nothing to do with the viewer) and Mr Chou answered promptly....Thanks soo much for your hard work ... It's the best thing I have downloaded yet !  MawMaw66
Works fine.
Great app.
Great product, always test on free version b4 you buy!
Audio in this app yet not through the cam software,if only you made software for PC's too :( great app,well worth paying for pro.
this the best out there. I like the widget. ppl are every impress when they see it on phone. it works w cheap systems like zmodos.	highly recommend.
Love this app!!! Been using it for over a year and it is EXCELLENT!!!!
Great IP camera app. Using with my Foscam. Nexus S & 7. NB. Audio activation crashed the app. Uninstalled then reinstalled and all working fine now.
Always the first app I install on a new phone
Unreal app. just covers so much. I install cctv for a living and couldn't recommend this app enough. Dev responds to problems hastily. Best app I've purchased by far. A must have for remote viewing.
This App works excellent.  Was easy to configure.
Had this for about a year. Use it everyday! Always works.
Been using this to monitor six blue iris cameras.  Works perfectly.
Constant improvements. Better device support then anyone else. Nice set of features.
This is an excellent app. Easy to use and easy to teach customers. The better the the processor in your phone the better.
Awesome
I'm using this app to view 4 cameras.  It works perfectly!  Update:  Since my initial review 10 months ago, I still am impressed with this app.  This is a must-have for me.
Really useful
Great app
Great app
very good program.
Works great I have the app connected to 14 different Axis Cameras.
I use with a foscam. So far it has performed without a hiccup!
I contacted the developer about a bug and in few hours he had an update. Remarkable support. Thank you, Rob.
Works nicely on a Sam GS2 and also a Sam tab 2. Just excellent. Oh and that's with a couple of Y Cams.
Great
You won’t need any other similar app to this. It’s feature rich, works as it should AND does not exhaust the network when polling cams, like tinyCam Pro.
Amazing features and so easy to set up and use!
No problems!
This app is great. Works every time just like it should. Use it on my Note and iPad. Really like being able to keep an eye on my pets and house from anywhere.
Ipux cam ics2330,   Pan and tilt calibration function.
I just tried this app because the old one didn't work on my razr maax and I an so glad I did. This app does everything. It consolidates my dvr and ip cams on one screen. It allows me to move ptz and also use speaker and Mic functions. Cannot say enough good things. Well worth 3.99.
I just tried this app because the old one didn't work on my razr maax and I an so glad I did. This app does everything. It consolidates my dvr and ip cams on one screen. It allows me to move ptz and also use speaker and Mic functions. Cannot say enough good things. Well worth 3.99.
This is my killer app for Android. The developer is awesome and quickly fixes even small bugs if you submit crash reports. The application is win!!!
Loads quick,good sound from my 2 mole ip cams I use it all the time on my maxx .developer is very responsive to users.
Loads quick,good sound from my 2 mole ip cams I use it all the time on my maxx .developer is very responsive to users.
Great app. Rely on it heavily. Awesome developer!
Very easy to setup and works very well.
Can't believe how easy it was to get my 2 trendnet cams working.  Best $4 I ever spent.
The software has a large library of h264 dvr units. Thompson dvr h264 generic is compatible with cheap china made dvr using h264 compression. Great software. Better than gdmss for dvr. Once configured for 16 ch. IT WORKS SEAMLESSLY. Good value for money.
Works Great
I bought an IP camera from eBay without much research because it said it supported android.  The reality is that the app was crap, so I started looking for an app that could give me video and 2 way audio to find out no software has it in the support list and it seems nobody outside china ever heard about it. The scan feature in IP cam viewer saved me, giving me a few option of compatible camera drivers. This is the first time I pay for an app, because I wanted the audio feature, and no regrets. I just had a minor issue and the developer responded in less than a day, connecting to my camera to find the issue and hue will add a fix for it on the next release, even though it wasn't in the supported list. Thanks Rob
I love this apps , work for more everyday, keep me update with my kids, while I'm at work .I don't have to be there to watch them.
All said!....good job
Love this app. Works great. The list of compatible cams is very large.
Works great, allows me to view any camera I own via port forwarding on my phone
Don't miss out on getting the best IP camera viewer out there. Period!
This app works pretty much flawless, on 3G or Wifi.
The only app I have ever bought and certainly don't regret it. Frequent updates, there wouldn't be a camera this program wouldn't support. A must have for any surveillance setup.
Great app!
Those of you saying that you lost your presets- please look for a new control icon under the "PTZ" menu. It kind of looks like a target. Touch that and your preset menu will open.
Those of you saying that you lost your presets- please look for a new control icon under the "PTZ" menu. It kind of looks like a target. Touch that and your preset menu will open.
Watch my grandchildren from anywhere!
Work's beautifully with my not very good tenvis camara. Great work
Been using for a few months now and added multiple different types of cameras and a dvr with no issues, love this app!
Very responsive and awesome developer. I couldn't find any other IP Can software better than this one for its support and usefulness. Love it!
The best app!
Works well with my Dx motion camera
good app. images good than dvr's native app. but not motion video though. happy to give 5 stars if remote event playback supported.
Works great
Used the lite version, now bought the Pro version to support the developer.
This product works perfectly!!!
Great functionalities and great after sales follow developments
Have used for the past year and I am very impressed with the function of it and the many updates he puts out.  He takes his time to address issues and continuously improves the app.  I use this with a foscam as a baby monitor and it works flawlessly!!!  If your on the fence about it just get it you won't regret it.
It does what it says, and does it really well.   Constant updates keeps this app current & sharp.  Highly recommended for any digital surveillance.
Excellent program. Can't fault it keep up the good work
Controlling 3 foscam 8910w's and an old Axis 207w and works great. Thanks!!
I have had so many problems with Windows IP cam apps... not supporting my DVR or IP cam... talking with developers who do not understand CGI based control etc... Such a nightmare... But with mobile devices it is so perfect - all models are supported, all functions are supported - 5 stars are not enough!
Even the free app is good! But but it! Its easy to use and it works great. Constant updates! Simply awesome!
Works every time! Thank you Dev!
Great
This app works just fine for all my needs. I don't ask for more functionality. I just wait. RC is constantly updating this app. I actually don't think he sleeps!
Allows me to check on the dogs from anywhere at any  time
Still a cheesy loading screen, but it works really well, its easy to use, and its constantly updated. But the developer uses the same update description over and over.
Works great on Apexis and Foscam. Use this app every single day to check the security of my home. Worth it for the paid version. Was able to check the security of my WA home from Italy & even say HI to my kitties :-)
This is the best IP cam app I ever used. It really worths to be paid! It works perfectly with my cam!
It just works, on both my phone and my tablet. Simply awesome.
I have 5 different models ranging from 4 DVR cameras, two adjustable cameras one running wireless, two Dlink cameras in two different locations and had them all viewable in this Ann in about 30min.
Bought my first app on android market... First time... Thanks but sound is not working for me... Can't hear the camera sound.
Bought my first app on android market... First time... Thanks but sound is not working for me... Can't hear the camera sound.
Works with Trendnet cams very well.  Also with my junky linksys cams. I'm cheap but glad I paid for this 1. Thanks keep up the great work!
The only thing that would make this app better for me is if there were a desktop version.
I have used this app for some time now. Dev fixes issues fast. Most having issues with the app, are user errors I believe. Keep up the great work dev.
Best I found 1 of a very few I bought
If you need a ip camera viewer app-this is it-look no further-I have 9 Foscams and was worried about my carriers bandwidth-with this app no problems!
Works perfectly perfectly with my 2 to scams. Good look nicer, but functions are great
Im using a trendnet tvip600w  could view cam on lite version.  Have not been able to load cam on pro version. Trying to view it on Samsung note
JUST WORKS!
Installed on 3 different devices and works great on each!
Loses connection every few seconds on 4g and WiFi. Sorry that I paid for it. UPDATE. Working much better now after the last couple of updates.
Outstanding APP still running strong after a year+, using 3 foscam cameras. Customer service was also spot on when I had a configuration question. Thanks again.
Outstanding APP still running strong after a year+, using 3 foscam cameras. Customer service was also spot on when I had a configuration question. Thanks again.
Excellent app, Dev very responsive !
I could not do what i do without this app! If you manage IP cams you need this now!
My friends are jealous that they don't have android. Flawless on nexus and g2x. Has always been the best app available
My friends are jealous that they don't have android. Flawless on nexus and g2x. Has always been the best app available
Works great!
Works great!
Very good
I have used every app on the market. But this app is the best bye far. They have more support for cameras than anyone. And if they don't list it give them a few months and they will support it.. two thumbs up from me..
The best app out there for your camera! Would like to see the relay controls visible in portrait mode for those of us that use it to open and close our garage door or another device. don't really need brightness and contrast showing as once you set those not much need to change them often.
It's great little app. I have been using it for a long while now and I never had any problems.  I do have one request though, you just need to replace that "loading" graphic it is just terrible looking on a big screen. Keep up the good work. Thanks
I have a mixture of Foscam interior', exterior, and Hootoo cameras.  Unlike other apps I tried, this app set up easily on my Samsung Verizon 7.7 tablet.  I have 6 security cameras.  They all work great anywhere I have a Verizon or wifi signal.  The pan/tilt control is perfect.  The two way audio is terrific.  The audio control is easily accessable.  This is everything I expected in a security camera app and much more!!  Great for a baby monitor or checking in on the kids/baby sitter while your away!!  Absolutely fantastic!!!!
Best cam ever
This app did what ive been trying for a year to do - see my camera footage from my phone.  Thanks!
Love this app.
The program did not work on my zoom Motorola tablet Any suggestion please help me. Paid 3.99 for the app.
Would be perfect if I could talk to my phone and have the sound come out of my fouscam IP came with built in speakers, love your work.mate
Best app on the market
I bought a foscam camera and tried out 2 other apps (ipcam and babycam) that didn't work before trying this one. It was up and working instantly with great picture and sound. I haven't figured out how to send audio, but the app does everything I wanted a baby monitor to do for a fantastic price!
Works great.
Love it so easy to set up and use well impressed
This app really needs a backup and restore of settings. Everything else works great. If it tells u to reinstall, you have to enter all your IP addresses over again. Very annoying!
Asus Transformer Prime. Crash problem fixed with new update. Thanks for your hard work!
Asus Transformer Prime. Crash problem fixed with new update. Thanks for your hard work!
thanks robert
I have 2 IP cams  as well as my blue iris set up and everything works great.  Zero issues with app setup, as long as you know a little about networking or can google-learn
Ive had this ap for three years its great
Working great, one happy customer!
Working great, one happy customer!
Awesome app!!! Wow! The latest update fixed the closing issue.great dev!
I love this feature packed software, well done developer!
Latest update crashes. Now appears to fixed and working well.
Thanks for the Quick repair. Back in business.
Gnarley app
Works perfectly and constantly updated.
I  use this for my security cams and I love it
Unlike everyone else, the app works flawlessly for me on my HTC EVO 4g with MikG 311 ROM and Anthrax 09 kernel
Robert please correct this issue
It tells you to uninstall, reboot, and re install the app from the market then CRASH.
Latest update crashes, says uninstall and reinstall. Now ALL my cameras are GONE. Totally sucks.
Been using this for two years with no problems. Great product.
I can't wait till more updates come out like more states added ...wv but besides that this app is sweet
UPDATE 6/11/12 Last updates brought trouble Sharx camera freezes when sound is enabled.  Samsung Galaxy S2   Sharx camera- no more noise :) BUT no audio either :(  Foscam camera is working fine. -please fix!  Update  3/20/12 Sharx-no aidio still.  UPDATE 5/10/12 Sharx camera audio is WORKING!!!!! Thank you for your help. Awesome!
Even the free version was very functional.  The paid version is worth the price.
Great app work all the time. Others i have tried crash half the time.
Brilliant. Worth paying for. Love it.
Very usable solid little ip camera application on 2 edimax ip cams viewed on galaxy s2 .
I use this app. Purchased version to view my IP Wireless security scams.  I have 2 IP wireless cams. Wansview and Wanscam.  App works great with them!
Does what you want it to, which is a bigger deal than being good at what it does, which it also is.
This is by far the only app of it's kind that works consistently. I had 6 cameras that worked perfectly with app. I added two more that seem to not be compatible and not on the lost. They are Sony cameras so i do not understand this. Maybe some other problem. I emailed Rob and he responded within minutes and had me fixed right up. Can't beat that kind of service and awesome app. Thanks Rob.
Very gd
Awesome customer service and a great app!
Great little app, I started with the lite version and bought the pro after being so pleased with it.  It does exactly what I'd want it to, I use it just to keep an eye on my appartment and it's so straightforward to use I love it.  (now, setting up the camera was another story but that's down to the camera and dealing with dynamic dns services, nothing this app's dev can do anything about).
Very good application!  Just love it!  Just wondering if I could record video onto my network disk?
I have used this app for about a year now. This has the best functionality and broadest camera support I have seen in a third party app. Dev releases regular updates for bug fixes and new camera support. The built-in traffic camera database search is awesome as well. No need to search for the IP or login info. Just filter list by country, state, city and then pick from available cameras. If you at looking to buy a a viewer app, buy this one.
great ip camera viewer excellent integration of tools.
great ip camera viewer excellent integration of tools.
Works great with my HTC sensation
I have a agasio a603w outside and a tenvis 3815w inside and this app works great with both. I've tried all the other apps and this is the best hands down. Thank you robert (' 'J)
I have a agasio a603w outside and a tenvis 3815w inside and this app works great with both. I've tried all the other apps and this is the best hands down. Thank you robert (' 'J)
I love this app it set up in seconds with my Razr and Linksys cam. I wish all apps work this good.
Works like it should.
Works well, I have a web cam, and a wansview cam both running on this app.
5 stars!  The author is very responsive and provides great support for all devices. Best app I have downloaded.
Tiny Cam Monitor app has figured out the 2 way audio for Foscam 8918 cams.  I wish this worked on this app.
Be sure to check user agent if you have connection issues!
Be sure to check user agent if you have connection issues!
Love this app. Gladly paid, and no issues on my HTC inspire. Keep up the great work!
Good for Aztech ip cam
Great app.  Works great with Samsung Touch 4G.
Awesome program!!!! Works perfectly on my Bionic!
I use to remote monitor 7 IP cams I have at home using my HTC Thunderbolt and this app works great!  Keep up the improvements and tweaks! Much appreciated!
Great controls for pan/tilt camera and the developer was very quick to respond to my question during camera setup.
THANK YOU HUMBOLDT COMPUTERS AND DEVELOPER FOR HELPING US OUT
I have a zmodo ip cam, like a foscam but cheaper, and I was surprised even the audio in/out works! Love the widget, check my office and highway without opening an app. This guy clearly put(s) a ton of time into this app. Glad to pay for it.
Best camera viewing software on the net. The developer always answers my questions quickly through email and provides many updates. It's well worth the purchase price
Love it! Thank you Robert!! The absolute best app for viewing cameras. Brilliantly intuitive! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! Would have gladly paid ten times the price! Can you build a security system that gives me control of my building? Lights, TV, two way audio, temp control, locks, etc..
I'm an I.T Security consultant and I've tested quite a few of these IP Cam type apps. I've had this one on the Galaxy S2 (GB and ICS) and now my Galaxy Note. It's simply the best you could install. Updates are regular and you get the real feeling of a quality application. You would not use any other cam app after trying this, it's that good.
I love this app. Easy to use. I use this to check the freeways near me for traffic backups.
The app just keep getting better, and I don't know what he did in the last update, but is near flawless now. Colors are richer and frame rates so much faster.
With the amount of updates this devolper sends out it's worth every dime! I'm on LTE 4G and get excellent frame rates.  UPDATE 5-16-2012: After running this for over a year, it's still by far the best camera app out there.  I run it on Panasonic IP Cams and access it with a Moto Razr and Moto Xoom.  App works perfect on both and my frame rates are great on LTE.  I'm going to expand my system and add four or five more cams and this is the only app I will use. Also love the traffic cams.  I can see the traffic before I hit it.  Better then XM traffic!!!! LOL....  - THANK YOU ROBERT CHOU!!!!!
Excelent great idea.  please for pc
A+
Great app!  Does exactly what I need. The developer is still also updating this app regularly not like others that leave you high and dry.
Cant say anything wrong about this app.. works perfect on my Galaxy S II
I installed the free version and it worked flawlessly with 2 different manufacturers and 3 different models.  So I bought the PRO version for no other reason than any application written this well deserves the support!
Fantastic application. Works like a magic?  I got fantastic support from the developer.  Connected both two my two home ip cameras and to my building's public cameras (DVR).
Great product and service.
Nigga the best
Exactly what I needed, perfect for my nightowl system, plus added my store ip cams! And room for more!
Very well designed app!  The ip camera manufacturers could take a lesson from you if they wanted to build a better product!
It's Great! I can see home and work cams on one screen in seconds.
The after sales service from this developer is fantastic. Nothing is too much trouble to satisfy his customers. Well done if only others were as dilligent. Thank you.
Title explains it all. Awesome app
I have 4 different brands of cameras installed and it set up each flawlessly.  Could not of asked for more!
Excellent app!!
Works great on LG Optimus Black.
Flawless IP connectivity and viewing app.
Use for more than a year and suggested many of my friends to use also. Very stable and easy to set up. But no sound from all 8 of my DLink DCS-2120. Other wise I can give 5 stars. My cameras and router setting should be done correctly since there is no problem to view and listen over web browser from work place.
Works well with Zmodo.
Works well with Zmodo.
Fantastic app. Does just what it says on the tin.
Works great.
I would like to see "Everfocus EAN600" ip camera, added to this comprehensive list.
I would like to see "Everfocus EAN600" ip camera, added to this comprehensive list.
of course i had trouble setting up my camera and router but once that was straight this app was a breeze to set up.  contols my camera fine and i have audio.  im using the lorex LZ4001I.
My zomodo 4 channel dvr,,wasnt allowing any camera views thru my htc droid incredible 2.  Robert located and emailed me the correct camera info,,and everything works great Very knowledgeable and  polite. Michael j
The best. Updates almost every day.
Today, 4/25/2012 I noticed that an update occurred and now this program will not work on my device. It says camera/feed not available. I didn't change any of the settings. It also stopped working on my wife's device also.  We both have the HTC Evo.  I reset my dvr, router and it still doesn't work. I can view my cameras through Q-see's program, but with that you can only view one camera at a time. You app was awesome because it allowed me to view all cameras at once or toggle throught them all.  Please help.  UPDATE: Awesome App. Robert got back to me right away, corrected the problem. Many thanks...
Simple to use and set up cameras. Good traffic cameras in the uk (for the m6 and m60 anyway) could do with some more interface design but does what is promised
Works great and continues to be updated!
Excellent. Works great. Worth the money.
And gets better and better
Excellent...
Excellent app. Before you judge ask......
Good
This ip cam viewer does everything that I need.  For me, it is a keeper.
Best App for home CCTV cams.
Love being able to manually trigger the cameras alarm to operate garage door!
Anyone know how to recover a forgotten password???
I use this every day to monitor my home security cameras. Very solid app.
Working again
Working again.thanks
PROBLEM FIXED - a new update was released an hour ago!   Thank you!!!   works perfectly now.  Jim
Well worth the money! Does what it says and does it well!
Keep those fingers busy Robert! I'm sure you'll have this no video feed problem fixed right away. After I rebooted every device on my network! ;)
Some cams not working since update but sure will be sorted soon.
I've tried most of them and this one is The best.
That's what ppl say when they see it on my phone or tablet great software
Updates to support addition hardware and features are continually made.  The free version was good enough, but I wanted to support a developer who puts so much effort into their work.
I am using a combination IP came and came hooked up to a dvr.  All cameras setup in minutes.  Better than any desktop viewers I have tried
I am using a combination IP came and came hooked up to a dvr.  All cameras setup in minutes.  Better than any desktop viewers I have tried
Just what u needed
This app is the best one out. Works great on my LG thrill. Easy to set up and great support also.
Dev update more times then I can count in one week. Always getting better.
Emailed the programmer and he added monoprice DVR support in under a week...he's very nice and responsive
Worked on my hero and now works on my evo 3d
Top app for Geovision.
Very useful and well worth the money spent.
I also use it to monitor traffic cameras for my daily commute. Program does everything I need it to do.
Nifty app!
Easy to set up and use. Zoneminder camera server here.
Easy to set up and use. Zoneminder camera server here.
Worth the $3.99 and this guy has the best customer service
Works better than many of the desktop viewers I have used. Well worth buying.
I've been using this on an Incredible and a Thrive with some networked cameras I'm runnning, and it works great.
It is the best of the bunch.  Robert always responds to tech support requests promptly.
One of my top 5 best android apps.  can keep an eye on my house when I'm anywhere.  Fast updates, always adding more, great developer!
Works with my CNN DVR. Straightforward to use.
Is a great app, thanks
Best app ever, about 1fps update for my cctv, ability to record adds peace of mind,
Awesome app. I work out of town a lot, but can always see what is going on with my cameras and this great app.
This is the best paid application you will find! If you are having problems with this app you are not following the instructions. FLAWLESS APP! THANKS FOR THE HIGHEST QUALITY APP EVER!
Great app !
Works great with my IP cameras.
Works well and the developer is very responsive.
Unreliable. Force closes all the time. Only gave me 15 min to try before I could no longer get refund. It took that long just to set up. Not happy at all.
Unreliable. Force closes all the time. Only gave me 15 min to try before I could no longer get refund. It took that long just to set up. Not happy at all.
Great app and fantastic support from the developer. Would highly recommend to anyone looking to install a home/office camera system. Also great for traffic cams and random other categories of cams based all around the world!
There are some adds I would like to see for Swann Systems but I reviewed 14 Apps and stock software and this was hands down the winner for tablets. Tested on Thrive, Xoom, Asus, HP, Galaxy and six others. This was so good, corporate is going with it. We can push updates so frequency of updates not an issue. You can also save profiles and copy them to other Tabs.  Shortcut to copy each camera specs to build 16 camera setups also a plus.
Work really nice on Samsung Galaxy SII and Tab
The last update ruined my viewer now I can't get my camera anymore. I get no camera feed available. I have a 4g LG phone. My husbands razor and my dads droid as well. Please fix.
I've been using this app on my Android tablet and phone, and on my iPad for a long time and I love it.  It works flawlessly and is updated and improved constantly.  Highly recommended!
Works exactly as promised with my foscams at home. Easy and quick to set-up and use, good GUI, frequently updated, very good instructions and additional links, and more.    Absolute Must-Own app for all IP surveillance camera users, very highly recommended!!
Works great for viewing the cameras at my automotive shop.
I use this for work almost every day to adjust cameras it is some time much more easy to use then my watch cam. Plus the screen is clearer so my adjustments are crisper. The only thing I would like is for the ability to add a entire DVRs cameras in one shot and not just one camera at a time.
Great app!
I love this app. It is the only IP Cam app that I could get to view my office cameras. I use it on my laptop as well at home.
Lovin this app! Thank u Mr. Chou!
Lovin this app! Thank u Mr. Chou!
This applocation is fantastic. Once audio is added for Linksys cams  it will be everything I need. Thnxs.
can't beat it... great app
Lots of updates. Very stable. Don't bother with any other app, tried several... This one's the BEST...
There is nothing better available.  Absolutely perfect!
Constant updates. Best Camera app, hands down.
Constant updates. Best Camera app, hands down.
Use this app with Blue Iris and several foscams. Love it. Thanks!
Been using it for months with my new Swann security system.  Much better than their app.
I use it to watch my kid while im doin chores around house ...great app
Keep up the good work its perfect. Every update makes it better
Keep up the good work its perfect. Every update makes it better
Works like it's suppose to!!
Always works and very convenient.
This is an excellent app..I've had no problems ..and the dev is working hard to keep up with updating..fast to fix any problems..and adding more cams..
Love the app. Gets better all the time
Works very well with my home ipcam child surveillance system. Haven't tried it for much else, but it's perfect for handheld monitoring. The mic on the foscam sucks, and the devs have done a great job dealing with it.
If less then 5% of reviewers rate 1 star its probably because the user doesn't know how to use the app.  Not anything to do with the app.
Like weekly updates, tons of supported devices... needs new gui
5 stars, great app. Works better than I expected. Robert is a great app builder and willing to help. Droid 2 taco2
Using it with tab with ics and trendnet 602 ip cam. Controls it with no problems. One of the best apps I have bought!
:)
Missing a few important tri-marc feeds but still rock & rolls
Keeps getting better. Sound could improve on Foscams. Please.  I am watching 9  now Keeps improving. I can see any of my Foscam security cameras from anywhere on my Mytouch 3G. Sometime the pan and tilt is weird so hope for fix.  UPDATE A year later and its really good now on my Android T-Mobile Samsung Galaxy S2 II SGH-T989. I can see and control all 9 cameras and with PTZ I can pinch zoom and listen with my Bluetooth earpiece. Cameras easily go to their programmed positions when requested via the PTZ controls.Works well on 4G and better on a good wifi connection. 5 stars~!
This utility is exactly what I needed to watch and control my home IP cameras from anywhere.  It works perfectly with my cisco/linksys and Apexis cameras, providing me with a consistent, common universal interface that works flawlessly!  On top of that, the author works tirelessly behind the scenes to keep the app updated and to add new features.  Can't ask for more.  Highly recommended!  Rich
This utility is exactly what I needed to watch and control my home IP cameras from anywhere.  It works perfectly with my cisco/linksys and Apexis cameras, providing me with a consistent, common universal interface that works flawlessly!  On top of that, the author works tirelessly behind the scenes to keep the app updated and to add new features.  Can't ask for more.  Highly recommended!  Rich
I have never had a problem with this app and use it for my clients all the time. The is no comparison to any other app in the market.
This program functions within expectations, with very frequent updates and tweaking to bring additional functionality...  great developer!
Works flawlessly with my Zmodo 8 camera DVR. Watching my house now from 2,300 miles away - LIVE! (DC to New Mexico).  Thank you for an amazing product at a very reasonable price!!!
I've tried various apps but this just works.
Use a Kguard dvr with 8 cams at our computer shop. This app is way better than the app that came with the Kguard. Highly recommend! Been using it for a year and updates all the time.
Works great!
Works great no issues and we upgraded to the pro version. Thank you
Great app ! Works really good
Someone did not give this 5 stars, wtf?? I have been using mine for a baby monitor and security. does take a bit of technical wisdom to access from the internet but my granny could do it via lan.
Someone did not give this 5 stars, wtf?? I have been using mine for a baby monitor and security. does take a bit of technical wisdom to access from the internet but my granny could do it via lan.
This is thus far the most amazing cctv app for Android! Well done.
works well with my Swann cameras.
Like I said, Great!
Using this as a baby monitor. Setup an old motoDroid on my nightstand. Works great.
Some confusion about configuring SSL, turned out the app was just fine but the camera itself was kind of flaky :-)
Great app.  Perfect for my linksys ip webcam.
One word.. WOW!   If you email the the app owner, he gets back you right away.  If only we could figure out all this app was capable of doing!
Best ipcamera application ever.  Fast reponse on all communications
I'm able to add many local IP Cams, and it WORKS! Good job! In a world full of broken crapware, you really put together a mighty fine tool. Thank you for helping the human race evolve one good increment toward walking upright again.
Works great for viewing my Dedicated Micros DS2A DVR cameras on all of my android devices.
Works well at home with Foscam cameras and at work with ACTi, Arecont, and even Video Insight NVRs.
The very best! Using with two Fosacam and two Linksys ip cams. Plus use the traffic cams in area of response (fire captain) to see where backups are at troubled freeway intersections. Super easy to configure. Constant updates. I wish all my apps were this good.
Works perfectly with my Foscam.  Never seen a developer so active and responsive to user feedback. New releases with improvements almost daily!
This works on all the webcams I've tried. Very versatile, shows 4 favorites on 1 screen. Great job. I wish I had something this good on my desktop computer.
So many updates but that's because dev keeps making it better and more compatible.
I use this app for traffic cams and I save hours in traffic every weekday
Took longer to pay for this app than to get it to work with my IP cam.  Seriously!  First app I ever paid for, I had to enable cookies in my browser to pay for it.  Using with Foscam FI8918W. Had camera already setup to view over the internet before buying.  Having this previously set up for IP viewing, was able to get this app to see my camera in under a minute.  I'm impressed!
Took longer to pay for this app than to get it to work with my IP cam.  Seriously!  First app I ever paid for, I had to enable cookies in my browser to pay for it.  Using with Foscam FI8918W. Had camera already setup to view over the internet before buying.  Having this previously set up for IP viewing, was able to get this app to see my camera in under a minute.  I'm impressed!
Great software, very easy setup and works a treat.wish I could use on my pc. Eddy
I use this app everyday for home monitoring. Phone is DROID bionic.  Tablet is XOOM.  No issues.  Cameras are linksys and trendnet.
Terbaik
Great ap, work fantastic Have had no issues at all.
10 stars if the let me. The best app on the market.
I've used a few camera apps, but they don't hold candle to this. We install cameras for clients and I always recommend this app.
This app is fantastic, I have a bunch of different cameras and dvrs, all supported, all easy to set up. Thank you.
I luv my Zmodo!  & yes, this Ip Cam App is well worth $3.99, much better than the free app with the ads.  I am running 16cams & all work fine, The app only runs 1 frame every 2seconds but that's not bad & might even be part of my slow internet speed or the daisy chained routers my dvr run though to get out....  Nice to know whats going on at home!
Definately a $49.99 app... (please don't go over 24.99) I think the developer is under selling themselves. For those complaining about too frequent of updates and 'built in' design to upgrade to paid version... well, I recommend ignoring any less than 4 star ratings for these reasons. Same to those whose phones are broken or can't forward ports in their home and business routers... Very impressive. Looking forward to making a QR? Barcode to auto import camera group settings for my clients by scanning code.
Great
Best so far
Not found anything to equal it.
Qsee would be wise to hire this guy. AWESOME work!
Use this app as my baby monitor. Best app ever.
Does everything that I expected it to and more.
Tanvis PT IP camera HTC Desire HD Rooted
Works great
Foscam sent me a survey asking how they could best improve their software. I replied "Hire this guy." 'Nuff said.
.....If I wrote it myself! Works flawlessly!....absolutely the best IP Camera tool on the Android Market! If you are using dlink cameras...forget mydlink, or mydlink lite....this app is way faster and 100 times more reliable. If you are using foscam and PTZ...it works perfect....Support is good!
I'm learning more each day about this awesome app.  Talk about support, If you have a question, he emails back right away with help .  I'm sure I don't have the brain power to figure out all this can do, But I can tell you that it surpassed my expectations the first week!! Thank you for having such a wonderful app!!
Great app! audio support for astak mole would get 5 stars.  Anyway to get fps display?
Great app! audio support for astak mole would get 5 stars.  Anyway to get fps display?
Great app! audio support for astak mole would get 5 stars.  Anyway to get fps display?
RTSP/TCP works reliably where no others do. Another cam also viewable, but not so using the mfg app. For you whiners, please stop complaining about app size and numerous updates. Drivers are necessary for varied camera support and that is why your camera works! Get another phone or app if that is an issue. Developer makes worthy effort to support.
Running this app on my Galaxy tab, iPad and iPhone. I have 6 cameras different brands.  Love this app.
Running this app on my Galaxy tab, iPad and iPhone. I have 6 cameras different brands.  Love this app.
Running this app on my Galaxy tab, iPad and iPhone. I have 6 cameras different brands.  Love this app.
Updates regularly and works flawlessly.  Thanks for a great cctv app!
I only install it temporarily for the duration that I use it.  It runs in the background for no reason and the developer claims that it does not (adb shell ps performed after a reset of a stock razr and reset of a stock Xoom tells me better).  So, if you have plenty of memory or have few applications that rudely run for no good reason then this application should be fine and does its job well.  But, if you are like me and find that the cumulative result of all 28 of such rude applications prevents you from answering calls then this will contribute to the aggregate debacle.
Update works beautifully with Verizon Galaxy Nexus and Qsee QT428.  I use the QT426 option in IP Cam app and port 6036.
Works awesome. Just wish it had groups.
The only one that could read my brandless DVR. Worth to buy !
Very useful.
Great piece of software. Works great with Linksys WVC54GC WiFi Camera. Including audio feed. Of all the apps I have this is by far the most updated app.
Works great - shows my EasyN 613 cameras.  Used the Lite version briefly, but wanted pan/tilt functionality, so paid for the Pro version.  Guess what?  That also works great.  Cameras load quickly, even over 3G.  The widgets are a nice touch, too.  Can't say enough good things about this app - it just does what it's supposed to do.  Great job Chou, thanks!
This app seems to work great on my new cell the Atrix2. I use it to control my IP cam Foscam FI8918W. Pretty neat!! Thanks for making a good piece of software.
This app seems to work great on my new cell the Atrix2. I use it to control my IP cam Foscam FI8918W. Pretty neat!! Thanks for making a good piece of software.
I installed the free version and it worked strtaight away for my cameras - I had one camera server that was not supported.  I emailed Robert Chou with a request to add the camera server - within a couple of weeks it was added and supported - well done and thanks Robert :-)     PS - I have now purchased the paid version so I can get rid of the ads and manage more cameras
I installed the free version and it worked strtaight away for my cameras - I had one camera server that was not supported.  I emailed Robert Chou with a request to add the camera server - within a couple of weeks it was added and supported - well done and thanks Robert :-)     PS - I have now purchased the paid version so I can get rid of the ads and manage more cameras
Programmer is available when needed. It works like a charm.
But why has it gone from under 4 mb to almost 11 mb in size with latest update?
Great App!!  Thank you for great updates.
Allows me to manage many things remotely like matching staffing to customer flow etc.
Great app, we use this to view our baby cam.
Perfect!
I have a network of Trendnet cams. I found this app works far superior than Trendnet's free "Secure View" software. Works perfectly on my Charge. Easy set up. Try the free "lite" version first, if it works, the pro version will too, if it doesn't, you havent lost anything. Well worth the 4 bux. I would like to see a windows PC interface version!
Had my phone a year and a half, first app I've ever paid for. Works perfectly with my foscom!
This new version is working great now :) Any thoughts on implementing motion detection?
Simply brilliant. It 'just works' without any messing with my two Foscam style cameras
Works well with my LAN IPCAM, not used the traffic cams features much, but it does what I need with ease.
Love it
This is awesome does most of what I need but do wish it supported digital watchdog 4vlz pro.
I can't think of any way to improve it.
Robert you never fail to address open issues and just about every wishlist item that comes your way. Thanks for the hard work and great app.
Great app!  Works well with HooToo cams allows most controls for cameras and is more stable than embedded camera app. Thank you Robert!
When I connectvto kodicom diginet, it's restarting thevdiginet system,  please corect
Works great everywhere I go.
Easy to use and bug free.
Love it!
I was searching applike this from past 3year ,it is just dream come true for me
Would give more than a 5 if I could.  All the apps I've used from the developer are great and seriously out perform manufacturers apps.  Don't know how support is because I haven't had any problems and that should say alot...
Excellent app does exactly what I need it for
I love these guys... WISH I COULD GIVE 10 Stars .Ive been having issues with the app that came with my bunkerhill survalience system (off brand)... this apparently scanned network and also developer has walk thru on how to set up cameras.... if your having a hard time use the scan feauture ....loved the free version so much I purchased it !!!!! PRO VERSION IS PERFECT
Love the app and the developer support!
IP Cam Viewer, is an excellent product, and from my experience with a problem (of my doing) the support given by Rob has been second to none, with a personal response within a matter of an hour or so. thank you.
Works as advertised
This is one of the REALLY USEFUL Android apps!  Thought of a neat addition, Camera grouping. I have cams in different buildings I need to group together, as well as my own personal group of places around the globe to dream about visiting... This would make managing them all much easier. Thanks for your constant maintenance & upgrades!
I have been using the Lite version of this App for a while and found it absolutely brilliant. Have now upgraded to full version. Excellent!!
ïт'ร α ทïςε αδδïтïℓท т๑ ๓γ н๑๓ε ทεтพ๑як พïяεℓεรร ςα๓ร αทδ ร๑ƒพαяε.  ไ αℓร๑ δ๑ яε๓๑тε αδ๓ïท ƒ๑я ๓γ вïz & ïт ς๑๓ρℓε๓εทтร ㅜεα๓νïεพεя ๓๑вïℓε.  ∫ρяïทт ξν๑.
ïт'ร α ทïςε αδδïтïℓท т๑ ๓γ н๑๓ε ทεтพ๑як พïяεℓεรร ςα๓ร αทδ ร๑ƒพαяε.  ไ αℓร๑ δ๑ яε๓๑тε αδ๓ïท ƒ๑я ๓γ вïz & ïт ς๑๓ρℓε๓εทтร ㅜεα๓νïεพεя ๓๑вïℓε.  ∫ρяïทт ξν๑.
Tried a few but must say this is among the best. I also had the free version installed on my girl friend's phone and it works amazingly
The best application works with almost any brand cam I love it its worth to pay it
I'm using this app with a swann security cam system. It works great!
I'm using this app with a swann security cam system. It works great!
Exactly what you need for IP cam monitoring . If this don't work for you chances are you haven't configured your cam and router properly . The app is brilliant I can't believe how easy it is to view my home from work and move my camera around by touch screen .. love this so much
I have multiple DVR brands. This app allows them to all show together. Love it!
This blows away any similar prg even under Windows. Nothing comes close. Please make a Windows port!
This blows away any similar prg even under Windows. Nothing comes close. Please make a Windows port!
Owsome App!!! Does what it says and more. Developer support is just as important as the app it self, you never know when your going to need help and Robert Chow is incredibly devoted and pleasant to communicate with. Definitely 6 STARS!
One of the best apps there is its essential for anyone that runs cams or a full dvr connected to the cloud
Very happy with it and my foscam cameras.  Love that it is always being updated and unlike some apps, this one keeps working.
Works great with my sgs2 and 4 Foscams. Wish one could hide certain control buttons which one might not need often.
This gets 5 from me just for being so great as a Zoneminder camera viewer. It's way better than the web based official viewer that comes with Zm itself.
I am currently viewing and controlling five Foscam PT cams and one Cisco PTZ  cam. Allows the user to use ALL functions available in regular web based control screen. Video comes through clean, audio is only limited by cams microphones. Easy to set up as well. If you want to view your IP security cams via ur phone....GET THIS APP! Moto Droid X.
already has blue Iris 3.0 support!
already has blue Iris 3.0 support!
Very easy to use. In fact easier than the panasonic built in software. Love it!!
Used for a few months and does the job perfectly with my foscam camera.
Used for a few months and does the job perfectly with my foscam camera.
Used for a few months and does the job perfectly with my foscam camera.
App works exceptionally well, couldn't get the intercom feature to work, I can hear whats going on, but when ever I tried the Mic I got a lot of feedback and could not hear me on the other end. Might just be my equipment set up. But overall great app definitely go pro to take advantage of all the great features. :)
2-way audio works well with Foscam FI8918W. I ended up buying Tinycam based on other reviews and since it's half the price, but when I was testing this app, I think the audio was clearer.
Great work!
I find tinyCam Monitor better for my Foscam FI8919w for user interface (its less cluttered and shows fps and data rate), phone to cam speaker audio (doesn't work over internet with IP Cam Viewer), pan and tilt control (PT swipe on IP Cam Viewer sucks), video stream, and camera admin settings. The over all interaction with my camera is better with tinyCam Monitor.   IP Cam Viewer is better for camera mic to phone speaker audio (its a bit louder then tinyCam), and recording and ability to convert the recording to video is better on IP Cam Viewer. Recording sucks on tinyCam.  I bought both and hope they both improve.
please add a custom button that you could assign a url to, for people that have home automation setup and can turn on a light or open a garage door by clicking a specific url
Works great! Sound in both directions, works with generic cams, perfect, 100%
Excellent program. Very responsive developer. Well worth the $. Very pleased.
Just what I need
Awesome app easy better than one that dvd said to use. Robert very helpful too.
Very Nice! Works with EVO 3D & 4G, Xoom, and Galaxy Tab 10.1.  He works hard at constantly updating the app.
Very nice! Well done app that handles my Apexis Cameras and Q-See DVR well. Installation was a breeze. GUI is intuitive. No training / support necessary. :-)
Keep up the great work
Used free for a while then bought pro to support the dev. Asked to add a DVR and was contacted within 5 min. Excellent dev and best camera app.
Used free for a while then bought pro to support the dev. Asked to add a DVR and was contacted within 5 min. Excellent dev and best camera app.
Reported a widget problem on Monday, was back in working order after the very next update on Thursday.  Now I'm a fan for life!
I installed a Swann DVR4 1200. The native Swann App worked .... sometimes, but either had connection errors, or needed to be reset often. I installed this App and it is faster to load, more reliable, clearer images, and even had home screen widgets. Well done.
The app does everything and then some. And when you contact the author with issues he is quick to answer and try to resolve your issues. What more can ask for in an app?
Great software, does what it says it does, and with various devices and models.	Good purchase!
Great software, does what it says it does, and with various devices and models.	Good purchase!
Works were others claim and shows smooth playback with awesome features. I use a Dlink 920
Nice job.  Thanks
Using both a FOSCAN and a DLink ipcamera remotely and the ap works perfecrly.
Never a problem always works first time
I've never had a problem with this app and have been running it for 8 months now on my tablet and phone.  I have 2 different types of cameras at my home and this app allows me to view them all flawlessly.  Can't do without this app.
This works superbly with my y cam far better than their own application very worthwhile the price
I tried a few different cam viewing apps and this IP Cam Viewer Pro is fantastic. I use it every day to monitor numerous utility cams I have at home, work and cottage. I also use it to remotely switch lighting control relays attached to various cameras. I had recently noticed a relay control problem with an older camera and so I emailed Robert about it. After giving him temporary access to the camera he had it debugged and in less than a week the improved driver was in the very next update. The relay control is now perfect.  For the asking price this program is a bargain. Just get the Pro version, you won't regret it.
Works perfectly
Works on all kinds of cameras without any issues. Can pan and zoom, record, view multiple cameras. Developer provides frequent updates and bug fixes.
Works flawlessly for me.
Works great with my Foscam IP camera, on my Droid X and Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1.
Works great with my Foscam IP camera, on my Droid X and Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1.
Well thought out app that does all that it claims to do. Top marks!
A few model cams were not available but overall it works good
Keeps getting better.
Works perfect
Works perfect
Does exactly what it says. Works great with vivotek ip8331
I really can't imagine what I would add. This software already has more capabilities than my cameras
And on my Motorola Photon with a Foscam camera...
App does exactly what is  stated. Simple and very easy to use.
I use this app everyday with my Foscam. Has great features and a really easy to use UI. Constant updates to make sure support and features are current
Great app.. far superior to geovisions
Great app.. far superior to geovisions
Great app.. far superior to geovisions
Awesome for ZoneMinder
Awesome for ZoneMinder
Awesome for ZoneMinder
Amazing app.  Developer responds to emails quickly and even added a model that I requested.  5 stars!
Amazing app.  Developer responds to emails quickly and even added a model that I requested.  5 stars!
Works with my zmodo security cameras / DVR and my generic IP camera.   Great app.
Great app, easy set up. PTZ commands are wrong, left is right but still a fantastic app, purchased pro within minutes of using the basic....great work
Great app, easy set up. PTZ commands are wrong, left is right but still a fantastic app, purchased pro within minutes of using the basic....great work
I don't buy apps, and I went for it with this.... Best ever. Hands down.. Robert is amazing, great updates... I'd give 10 stars if I could...
I agree totally with Zak. If Robert could fix Foscam's brightness issue, I'd give him 10 stars if I could!
Does the job well and frequent updates. Great work.
AWESOME APP
Supports tons of cameras. Developer is very responsive to any questions.  If you want to monitor your network cameras on the go, this app is totally worth getting.  I use it to monitor some public cameras and to keep tabs on my apartment.
Lots of options. Well engineered.
Have the live current time clock.  Best customer support. Connected to China DVRS
Foscam 918
I use it everyday to monitor my home security cameras. Very well written and reliable.
Does everything I want it to. Works  well on Samsung Galaxy. Well done.
Probably one of the best supported applications
Great
I have a variety of cams. This is the only app that handles them all across multiple devices. Nice app.
Quick, simple software with nice features and intuitive interface. Very large list of supported cameras.
Best cam viewer for android hands down. Awesome developer very responsive to adding new camera types.
Don't get me wrong, this is The Best IPCamera app, period. Buy it, you will not be sorry. I just get annoyed the it closes on back key...
Don't get me wrong, this is The Best IPCamera app, period. Buy it, you will not be sorry. I just get annoyed the it closes on back key...
Works, great with my home ip cam, easy to configure and have full control on my galaxy s2 away from home.
i'm no ultra geek, but after doing some research on the web i got my ip cam Foscam to work wirelessly and on my android...sweet!  This app is easy.
I didn't even need the extra features in pro, but I bought it because the dev deserves it. This app is constantly updated and improved. 5 stars.
i have 3 foscam ip camera and cool with tablets for security plus night time, easy to install or set up
I use this to customize my traffic cams.
Just what I was looking for!  Works flawlessly with my Panasonic netcams.  Configuration is a snap.
Had to uninstall and reinstall to get widget working again.  Working great.
I agree! This one is OUTSTANDING. Dazzled at what you can do progam. Want to add more cameras. Good Job!
I have 16 cameras to monitor at work. This app was so easy to set up. I love the features, I can record, take a screen shot, and view everything.
Best webcam viewer, even better support! Excellent! Thank you Mr. Chou. Sprint Evo 4G, Evo 3D
Best webcam viewer, even better support! Excellent! Thank you Mr. Chou. Sprint Evo 4G, Evo 3D
Look no further! This is it!!
Look no further! This is it!!
Works great with my EDIMAX cameras
Excellent app! Uses the camera to it's full capabilities.  Using a Galaxy Tab for viewing (along with web interfaces on PC and Windows Phone 7).
The interface can be smoother and Slick
The interface can be smoother and Slick
The interface can be smoother and Slick
Great app., always one of my favorites!!!: )....I can zoom in and see places all around the world!
Developer was great to work with on adding drivers too.
When will you have audio support for everfocus cameras?
Tried the free version for just an hour before I paid for pro. SO worth it! Updated regularly with new features and it works on my Zoom just as well as my Droid phone. Best app I've ever purchased!
Congrats Robert! You wrote a great program. I use it to view my home cams, Traffic and campus cams. I'm glad I bought the pro version. Keep it up!
Brilliant app Would not be without it Plenty of updates The developer is absolutely dedicated to this app & consequentley it is virtually perfect !
Best app ever..
Best app ever..
Best app ever..
Well worth the purchase.
Superb...i can view clearly real time my cctv installed at my office....try it now
Superb...i can view clearly real time my cctv installed at my office....try it now
Great app! We need talk to camera option for foscam fi8918w. Can hear audio but can't send audio to camera. Please fix!
Works very well. I'm very happy
Works very well. I'm very happy
Worth the money.
currently monitoring 16 Q-SEE QT428-803 cameras.
Wickedly easy to both set up and use. Super fast to get different and multiple video streams from different model cameras and put on one screen.
Works very well and never had any problems for more than a year now
The app's great & gotta love the Widgets.  I screwed up by buying 2 an upgrade and the full version. Rob refunded 1 of the charges in 12 hrs!
Wow! What a great program an excellent tech support from robert. I have 7 cameras are working perfect.
Hands down the best IP camera app. Solid stable and new cameras and features updated frequently. Idiots complaining about about update are not forced.
Need audio support for asanti voyger.
Works great with my D-link cams and HTC Inspire phone.
Great app!
My favorite app ever... Looking forward to cams in Steubenville Oh. To be added.
Tried them all , this is by far the best network camera software app. Constantly upgraded by the Creator.
Excellent Very well thought out and put together. Complete library of cams and auto detection. Even qsee that the others I have tried dont.
Excellent!  This guy does good work.
I use this app to check for trafic. Works great.
Outstanding app. Picture quality and load speeds for multiple cameras are impressive. Far superior to the app which came with my DVR.
This app is great for checking various beach cams along the coast for surf conditions. One of the most useful apps i have!!
Works great with the q-see cameras from costco.
Works perfect with my dvr, never crashes
Works perfect with my dvr, never crashes
Much MAHALO, for fixing everything commented an posted.evrything seems to ve working perfect. ALOHA
Great video streaming. Can't seem to get working audio with foscam brand though
Awesome!
Excellent app, as others said, why complain about updates. Dev keeps it compatible with so many cameras. Don't update if you don't want to.
Ideal app for use with a Zoneminder system, works great. Dev is very responsive and the app is very reliable. Don't complain about updates..seriously.
5 stars if you stop seemingly-daily uodates!
Great app work great on all my devices
Great way to adjust ip cameras!!
Great way to adjust ip cameras!!
Great way to adjust ip cameras!!
One of the best and most powerful apps I have ever used. Love the audio capability to utilize this feature on my Airlink cameras.
Keep the updates rolling out. Your doing a good job. No one is forcing anyone to update. As a paying user its good to see :)
We use this app everyday to watch the cameras back at our office and shop.
This is an excellent app. I use it daily to monitor our business. It is reliable and fast. I wish there would be an option to auto cycle thru cameras.
Only complaint is that the interface could use a facelift.
Excellent! A must have. An Absolute must have if you have an IP camera. Works excellant on my Droid X. Suggested a "patrol" button, and Robert added i
Excellent! A must have. An Absolute must have if you have an IP camera. Works excellant on my Droid X. Suggested a "patrol" button, and Robert added i
Have not had any issues
Very good function, but GUI need some improvement Keep your hard work, it will be the best very soon ...
Worth its price
This is the best app.just plain works.when others say it does not work with there phone.its most likely there doing something wrong.the app works.
Got it to work with my nuvico. Only app out that I found works with my 600n.
Got it to work with my nuvico. Only app out that I found works with my 600n.
Gets better all of the time, one of the few apps that was worth paying for.
Gets better all of the time, one of the few apps that was worth paying for.
Works as advertised
Works as advertised
Simply put, there is no better IpCamViewer application, period. If you want to monitor your home or office webcam, this is the only app you need.
At first my dvr type wasn't working and then the developer worked 2 days with me to get it started.. I have to say if I can give it 10 stars I would
Josh, i had to figure it out too. Read ip camera forums and you will get it right.
Josh, i had to figure it out too. Read ip camera forums and you will get it right.
Where did all traffic, beach and collage cams go?...fix = enable demo cameras in menu options.
Boo to those who are saying this app is worthless!!!
Consistent updates, developer support is fast and helpful. App works great with foscam as a baby monitor
Setup is difficult due to disorganized support and unavailable tech support. Would not recommend for first time IP program.It took me 3 days to set
Setup is difficult due to disorganized support and unavailable tech support. Would not recommend for first time IP program.It took me 3 days to set
Works with Q-see and mole. Especially with pan and tilt on mole. Can't wait for sound to be added to mole.
Works with Q-see and mole. Especially with pan and tilt on mole. Can't wait for sound to be added to mole.
just awesome. I use it to connect directly to a pelco IMS0 camera. works good even with h.264.
Awesome app for cctv. I install cctv+access systems for a living and this is a handy tool to use as a test monitor.
Wonderful software! Highly recommend.
Love this app.
Single best webcam app available. Dev is very responsive.
I don't have to listen to the news on tv or radio to make sure the freeway is clear of accidents on my way to work and home, I can just see it.
This software allows me to check in on the chickens and say hi to the dog.
App is clean and works well!
The app was very good in the beginning and has steadily improved to an awesome app! Well worth the money; support the developer please.
Great dev! Awesome app. No issues and the featured I suggested was inplemented like at the next update! How cool is that?
Awesome app... worth every dollar!
Awesome app... worth every dollar!
Easy to use. Most professional CCTV app out there. Worth paying for.
has anyone been able to ptz the geovision 360 ip cam? also, no audio with geovision analog or digital... please work your macig Rob!!!
This is a great app. So good I wish I could port the android version to my PC.
This is a great app. So good I wish I could port the android version to my PC.
Great video, audio is much better but still low, no Mic, foscam, HTC incredible
Great video, audio is much better but still low, no Mic, foscam, HTC incredible
It works fine and after the upgrade to the pay one it works even better.
I never ever write reviews. This app is so good. Moto Xoom, works perfectly.
Great program. Great for IP baby monitor.
Works really well with all my cameras (3 different). No sound yet, but not a concern for me. It's impressive how swiping screen initiates pan/tilt.
I've noticed that IPCam doesn't show up in Recent Apps lately. Other than that, this app is everything I was looking for!
Awesome app
Awesome app
Good app I use it to monitor my stores cams .. also have the ipad app ... Very happy and worth the money. Also, always updating!
Best functional app I've tried. Would. Like to see main view get rid of the on screen options and give option to show or not show.
Great appear with steady updates!
Great appear with steady updates!
Awesome, a must have app if you have an ip camera set up.
It's pretty cool on my Verizon incredible
Very easy to configue and use. Covers an extensive set of IP cameras ranging from older models to the newest ones. Highly recommended!
Does exactly what is says, well worth the price. Far better than the app from the oem for my DVR.
Works better than the software that came with the cameras.
Excellent app
Great app. Developer responsive and helpful. Worth the $. Even does digest authentication for network cameras.
Great app. Developer responsive and helpful. Worth the $. Even does digest authentication for network cameras.
better & better ;- ')
This is my most used app, great support great service. Well worth the money!!!
Simply the best for its purpose
Simply the best for its purpose
Robert, this software is amazing. Your latest update increased functionality yet again! There isn't a better supported program anywhere on the mkt.
Love it!!
Love it!!
Love it!!
Got it last year. Never able to get it to work. Giving up
Deserving of more stars if dev can make app appear in recent apps list (long press home button). Uninstalled.
If you have a security camera, you need this app.
Awesome app!!! Audio on foscam needs work. Especially the microphone function. Thanks
This app is fantastic!! Works perfect with my ip camera!! Thank you!
This app is fantastic!! Works perfect with my ip camera!! Thank you!
Terrific app. Works flawlessly with my Linksys WVC80N, and Foscam, both over wifi and over 3g (AT&T). Samsung Captivate. 2.2 (froyo)
works great I love it
I use it with blue iris and 3 bangers and it works great. I only wish it would let me access my stored recordings...
Works great with my Foscam devices. Impressive support for this app by the developer. Keep up the great work.
Works great with my Foscam devices. Impressive support for this app by the developer. Keep up the great work.
Great idea and executed well. Real streaming video for many of the built in cams! Love it!
Only criticism is that it doesn't support more Arecont models. Would love to see the 3130 suppprted.
Only criticism is that it doesn't support more Arecont models. Would love to see the 3130 suppprted.
Works great on Droid inc.
Outstanding app. Robert Chou is very responsive and constantly updating his apps. App works like a charm.
Outstanding app. Robert Chou is very responsive and constantly updating his apps. App works like a charm.
This is great with my panesonic cameras.
This is great with my panesonic cameras.
Works great with so many cameras, I had a small audio issue with one of my cameras and developer fixed it in a week. Great app and support.
Works great with so many cameras, I had a small audio issue with one of my cameras and developer fixed it in a week. Great app and support.
HTC EVO 3D - This app worked instantly after loading the traffic cameras I wanted to see. You have done an outstanding job, Mr. Chou. Keep sending good technology and I will keep buying it. Thank you.
Love it.. I can watch my house from my phone anywhere.
Love it.. I can watch my house from my phone anywhere.
5 stars for you sir. Thanks for making it ready to view my ip webcam on my nexus s 4g
Best app ever.
Superb, the best 3 quid I have ever spent! Thank you for a great little app!
Works great with Foscam rip-off IP cans pan and tilt work perfect. Great app
Works great with Foscam rip-off IP cans pan and tilt work perfect. Great app
This is the best IP cam app on the market. I tried just about all. Does everything you want & is compatible w/largest no of cans. Buy paid ver.
This is the best IP cam app on the market. I tried just about all. Does everything you want & is compatible w/largest no of cans. Buy paid ver.
Great application and superstar developer. Feature requests, bug fixes, no problem!
I'm reducing my rating for IP Cam Viewer because it seems to do a periodic license check that makes it incompatible with Titanium Backup. After a restore, it phones home and then exits with "Please-un install, reboot, and re-install from the Android market".
The developer was fast to respond to get my DVR card working that was not supported, at the time
Awesome! I wish voice interruptions be queued and played anyways even if its asynch. Droidx.
Awesome! I wish voice interruptions be queued and played anyways even if its asynch. Droidx.
Awesome! I wish voice interruptions be queued and played anyways even if its asynch. Droidx.
Great app but last update made my foscam audio buzzy. Speaking still crackles and pops, waiting for fix.
Awesome! Works perfectly. I can easily access multiple systems from a single app, and it was very easy to set up. Thank you!
Love this. Almost perfect. How about some nicer button grfx and clean up "loading" text and such. I like things crisp :). Otherwise its the best!
Great app! Lots of features that run smoothly. Dedicated dev that addresses user's concerns.
Dont listen to any bad comments. Hooked up my new foscam perfectly. 2way audio and controlling the camera are.smooth as butter. Good job dev!
Sound monitor listening works but speaking does not. Using Foscam IP cameras on Droid incredible...still, great and deserving of 5 stars.
Sound monitor listening works but speaking does not. Using Foscam IP cameras on Droid incredible...still, great and deserving of 5 stars.
Works perfectly with my Foscam IP camera! Great app that allows me to watch over my house when I'm not there!
Product works great but the thing that makes this a 5-star rating is the support. Rob went above and beyond to add and test my camera (Cisco VC240)!!
Works fine on my Atrix. Pulling video from my Avermedia NV5000 system and several traffic-cams in area. You won't find another app that comes close.
Works fine on my Atrix. Pulling video from my Avermedia NV5000 system and several traffic-cams in area. You won't find another app that comes close.
Works fine on my Atrix. Pulling video from my Avermedia NV5000 system and several traffic-cams in area. You won't find another app that comes close.
Works fine on my Atrix. Pulling video from my Avermedia NV5000 system and several traffic-cams in area. You won't find another app that comes close.
Works fine on my Atrix. Pulling video from my Avermedia NV5000 system and several traffic-cams in area. You won't find another app that comes close.
Love this app wish I could give you more stars but no more room too add on 10 stars and it keeps going
This Is the best app the support Robert gave me is bar none I recc this app to everyone with cctv
Wish I could just type the street name where the camera is located in the traffic section
Fantastic app and truly unrivaled developer support. Look no further.
Fantastic app and truly unrivaled developer support. Look no further.
Amazing app. Frequent updates and excellent support. Works great with all my axis cameras.
The best purchase ive made! Rob is the best he created a program for my dvr. I absolutely love this app to view my cameras for my business. Thanks!
Moto D1 phone. I use Geovision camera systems. Works exceptionally well with acceptable speed. I install CCTV and I love this app! Super support.
i wvc54gca, after upgrade to paid version, able to hear the sound, but super deteriorated no matter how i adjust frame rate. but from pc sound is ok.
Great App and support Had a problem contacted Robert,within 12 hours he found the problem and released a patch,top top service and support thanks
It doesn't get much better than this app. It handles a multitude of cameras, instant on, easy swipe to pan and tilt. Excellent app.
Best App for accessing IP cams, with features worth paying for! Constant improvements :-)
Best App for accessing IP cams, with features worth paying for! Constant improvements :-)
Best App for accessing IP cams, with features worth paying for! Constant improvements :-)
This is great! I have different cameras and this works with all of them! even the pan tilt works, wow! def worth 5 bucks!
The best IP cam app for Android! Excellent support. Great for your own cam or others in the world. Love the swipe to pan/tilt, and audio.
The best IP cam app for Android! Excellent support. Great for your own cam or others in the world. Love the swipe to pan/tilt, and audio.
Soooooo Awesome! The zoom feature completes this app...i wouldnt write a comment otherwise
Great cam viewer, I bought it just because I know Rob will get us real recording in the future..I hope.The free version is great but support this Dev.
Great app on Moto Droid and Xoom. Developer responded and fixed an issue within 15 minutes after an update
Great app on Moto Droid and Xoom. Developer responded and fixed an issue within 15 minutes after an update
Good software, however, record format isnt in video format. Recording only takes hundreds of still images. Thats not recording. Thats taking pictures.
Excellent camera app. Best I've found on the market and worth purchasing. Could do with in-app updates for the addition of cameras though.
Robert is excellent in keeping things up to date with the app and this is the best camera app on the market I own 3 pizzaria restaurants! The best app
Robert is excellent in keeping things up to date with the app and this is the best camera app on the market I own 3 pizzaria restaurants! The best app
What a great app! The developer Rob Chou is great and responds to queries, he even added a make of DVR into the list for me!! Great app!!!
Just got a Foscam webcam today and it was braindead easy to get going with this app and supported really well
Excellent app. First one I bought when I got my Android phone. Would appreciate a more accurate changlog though.
Excellent. Lets me see all my cameras at once. Has useful export settings to XML to share my configuration with others.
Excellent. Lets me see all my cameras at once. Has useful export settings to XML to share my configuration with others.
Use a new foscam in garage older dlink inside with a Droid2 recommend hard hookup to router, batt backup with surge protection always on very happy
Awesome app. Check devs web site for complete list of which features are functional for each camera make and model. Great developer. Always responsive
I've checked them all, this cam app is the best. For some reason, I can hear the audio with my Foscam FI8918W using this app. But I cannot hear the audio any other way, including on a computer. So I was very pleased about that. Finally, I had a question, and I emailed Rob, the developer, and he was very responsive and helped me. How great is that?
The only reason why I purchased this product was to hear audio from my phone. I tried the free version and decided to purchase this version but within a couple of hours I figured out the audio was not working. I then emailed Robert to either refund my money or fix the issue but he neither refunded money nor fixed the issue. I emailed a few times asking about the fix or refund but he refused to send any reply back. I am completely disappointed with this purchase.
This app is well wroth the money! It does everything i want and more. It's great on my epic 4g phone!!!
does what it says on the can!! recommended got 6 cams on it :)
This camera viewer is excellent. All 3 cameras i have are diiferent brands, and all worked perfectly, with a slick ptz interface, widgets and record!
This camera viewer is excellent. All 3 cameras i have are diiferent brands, and all worked perfectly, with a slick ptz interface, widgets and record!
This application works 10X better than the camera manufacturer's own application. When I had an issue the developer was very quick to respond and I figured out I only had to reboot a DVR. Thanks.
This application works 10X better than the camera manufacturer's own application. When I had an issue the developer was very quick to respond and I figured out I only had to reboot a DVR. Thanks.
Absolutely love this app. Had to pay for full version just because of all the updating this guy does. thanks a bunch Robert.
Works great EZ setup and friendly to use I can watch my 3 stores while I'm not there thanks so much you are always here to help
I'd give it five stars except the audio out to the latest Foscam cameras still doesn't work.
I have been using it for over a month, hooked up to my Foscam FI8918W and it's been working flawlessly. Great app and I'm glad I bought it!
I have got 2 eyespy 247 ip cams on this app and it works realy well I have even used it at work in baku
Awesome. App. Programer is alway updating app. And responds to all issues fast.....
Easy to set up, biggest problem was at GeoVision DVR end in finding box to check to enable JPEG. Didn't expect video to look as good as it does on the small screen. Somewhat tedious to set up 149 cameeras at 14 sites. I don't use PTZ or audio. Program will terminate if you accidentally enable too many cameras, you only have a few seconds at start up to hit the menu key to fix problem. Doesn't do playback, will need to upgrade DVR software & use GeoVision app for that.
Easy to set up, biggest problem was at GeoVision DVR end in finding box to check to enable JPEG. Didn't expect video to look as good as it does on the small screen. Somewhat tedious to set up 149 cameeras at 14 sites. I don't use PTZ or audio. Program will terminate if you accidentally enable too many cameras, you only have a few seconds at start up to hit the menu key to fix problem. Doesn't do playback, will need to upgrade DVR software & use GeoVision app for that.
Thanks for the the great app. for endroid phone. I love it.
Well worth it
Well worth it
I am running IP can viewer on a spare nexus one as a dedicated baby monitor paired with Panasonic bl series camera. Super clear, pan/tilt with sound. The only improvement I would like to see is a dedicated baby monitor mode with flashlight audio warning or sound bar in mute mode. Maybe flashing camera led when sound is detected. Forever on display setting would be nice as well.
This is the ONLY app that supports audio from my Panasonic. Wish PTZ could be disabled or toggled so I don't move cam on accident. XOOM and mt3g
This is the ONLY app that supports audio from my Panasonic. Wish PTZ could be disabled or toggled so I don't move cam on accident. XOOM and mt3g
Amazing little app. Hooked up to all my cameras the first time. works great on my HTC Evo 4G. the widget feature let's me drop right on screen.
This app turns my Evo into an office window, with a view of anywhere in the world!
I can keep an eye on my business, I also have added cameras to see what sort of weather is ahead of me.
I can keep an eye on my business, I also have added cameras to see what sort of weather is ahead of me.
I can keep an eye on my business, I also have added cameras to see what sort of weather is ahead of me.
good app, works well with panasonic bcl10 ip cam and zte blade (orange sanfransisco)
Dev is AWESOME!! Fast to respond, fast to implement upgrades/updates! Must buy!!!!!!!
I have a security webcam mounted in my house. This app allows me to watch it flawlessly on my Droid X. Best app ever!!!
Has more functionality than the iOS version so I'll let the fact that is costs twice as much slide. This app is accompanied with a great support site.
Fantastic. Easy to use. Excellent results. Intelligent options. A work of art. My cell is a Samsung Fascinate
at first i was having trouble setting it up cause i didnt know who the mfg of my ip cams is. so i fiddled with it, got it to go, and i must say.... VERY IMPRESSIVE! Didnt take long at all....... awsome and worth every single penny.,
Fantastic ip camera monitor and control ! I use it with 4x foscam's perfectly. Scheduled controls would be nice (see support forum). But A1 as is.
Robert was a lot of help. Finally got the cameras working with his help and the company that manufactured them.
Great application. I pay for it. Works well on my tp link ip cam. Great support from Robert too. Keep up the good work! Thaks
Works flawless with my bl series panasonic, with audio. Loads fast and great options.
I usually don't ever write reviews but this is an exception because it is so good. I stream a webcam above my front door with Yawcam. I can then view this cam on my android phone wherever I go. Yawcam will email you if there is motion with some images (along with tons of other things). Get this app, I highly recommend it! Oh yea, there is even a widget for putting my cam stream right on the phones main screens!!!
I usually don't ever write reviews but this is an exception because it is so good. I stream a webcam above my front door with Yawcam. I can then view this cam on my android phone wherever I go. Yawcam will email you if there is motion with some images (along with tons of other things). Get this app, I highly recommend it! Oh yea, there is even a widget for putting my cam stream right on the phones main screens!!!
I usually don't ever write reviews but this is an exception because it is so good. I stream a webcam above my front door with Yawcam. I can then view this cam on my android phone wherever I go. Yawcam will email you if there is motion with some images (along with tons of other things). Get this app, I highly recommend it! Oh yea, there is even a widget for putting my cam stream right on the phones main screens!!!
Use it on my foscams at my house. Works perfect. Had the lite version, worked so well had to pay for it.
Use it on my foscams at my house. Works perfect. Had the lite version, worked so well had to pay for it.
Use it on my foscams at my house. Works perfect. Had the lite version, worked so well had to pay for it.
Great app,works perfectly.very active developer,thanks for the updates,keeps getting better every time!
Great app,works perfectly.very active developer,thanks for the updates,keeps getting better every time!
Huge range of cameras, cross platform, widgets, ptv controls, matrix view. Everything it should be.
Huge range of cameras, cross platform, widgets, ptv controls, matrix view. Everything it should be.
Huge range of cameras, cross platform, widgets, ptv controls, matrix view. Everything it should be.
Works great with my Foscam Fi8908W. Only thing I've never tested is the audio speaker on the camera, but I love being able to hear what my dog's up to
Works great with my Foscam Fi8908W. Only thing I've never tested is the audio speaker on the camera, but I love being able to hear what my dog's up to
Excellent app! The widget is fantastic, allowing me to keep a watch on things at a glance. Lots of compatibility with different cams and servers.
Well maintained, excellent interface. With this app you can tell at a glance that your image is live, better than most desktop software. Worth it.
Been using this app for a year and it is by far the best security cam app i have found. I use it daily.
Does everything it says very well. Allows me to view and operate my home security cameras which include Vivotech. Y cam. Support excellent.
Does everything it says very well. Allows me to view and operate my home security cameras which include Vivotech. Y cam. Support excellent.
I used to be a Mobiscope fan, but this app is way better on the Android platform.
Great for viewing multiple ip cameras. Lots of predefined camera brand and model. Only wish is to have audio for Vivotek 7131 cameras...
Great for viewing multiple ip cameras. Lots of predefined camera brand and model. Only wish is to have audio for Vivotek 7131 cameras...
Bit dubius to staet with but. No it is realy good, works well better than my spelling :)
trying to buy my 3rd key on another device, but android market says this app unable to support garmin asus a50
trying to buy my 3rd key on another device, but android market says this app unable to support garmin asus a50
Absolutely brilliant. A very easy to set up and useful application that works incredibly well. Good work Robert.
By Far The Best App out Here.I am so happy with this App after 5 mins using Trial I went and Purchased it.Great Work I Thank You...Satisfied Customer.
By Far The Best App out Here.I am so happy with this App after 5 mins using Trial I went and Purchased it.Great Work I Thank You...Satisfied Customer.
Works excellent with my Q-See system. This is a keeper. I love th widget also
Works great on my Axis & Trendnet cams. Easy to use & no issues after a month on the free version. Droid X
Works great on my Axis & Trendnet cams. Easy to use & no issues after a month on the free version. Droid X
Developer is great very responsive. I have on Droid 1, HTC Thunderbolt and now Moto Xoom all work flawlessly. Everyone should support this developer!!
This app rocks! Works great, and the widget is an awesome feature. Very happy with this purchase.
This app rocks! Works great, and the widget is an awesome feature. Very happy with this purchase.
This apps works great with my Swann home security camera. I am not a tech savvy person, hence it did take me a long time to setup/complete testing. Some issue with "reloading" the images but this problem disappear later. Thanks to Robert Chou, the author of this apps, who is very responsive to my emails (on issues I encountered on this apps). All in all, at this price, this is a great/cool apps with outstanding service!!! Love it and will HIGHLY RECOMMEND to anyone!!!
killer app. Has not let me down. Desire 2.2 & foscam. I use it often.
Best app in market! People. who complain don't know how to set it up. Works over wifi and 3g.
I have several Panasonic BL series IP cams and this app is perfect for viewing on your android phone. It is easy to set up and use and it works flawlessly on both the Samsung Epic 4g and the HTC Thunderbolt. The free version is great but the paid version gets rid of the ads and lets you hear sound on cameras that have that feature.This application is worth the money. Thanks Robert!
I have several Panasonic BL series IP cams and this app is perfect for viewing on your android phone. It is easy to set up and use and it works flawlessly on both the Samsung Epic 4g and the HTC Thunderbolt. The free version is great but the paid version gets rid of the ads and lets you hear sound on cameras that have that feature.This application is worth the money. Thanks Robert!
I have several Panasonic BL series IP cams and this app is perfect for viewing on your android phone. It is easy to set up and use and it works flawlessly on both the Samsung Epic 4g and the HTC Thunderbolt. The free version is great but the paid version gets rid of the ads and lets you hear sound on cameras that have that feature.This application is worth the money. Thanks Robert!
Maryland missing a lot of cameras. Eg I695. Emailed Dev 2 mth ago. Still not added.
Maryland missing a lot of cameras. Eg I695. Emailed Dev 2 mth ago. Still not added.
Maryland missing a lot of cameras. Eg I695. Emailed Dev 2 mth ago. Still not added.
Works great on HTC thunderbolt. Will need to configure your network to allow access.
Installed and after a bit of messing about with settings got it working fine. Can now view my business CCTV DVR 8 cam from anywhere anytime. 5/5.
Installed and after a bit of messing about with settings got it working fine. Can now view my business CCTV DVR 8 cam from anywhere anytime. 5/5.
Excellent application. Frequent updates to add cameras and features. Note that sound is off by default.
Excellent application. Frequent updates to add cameras and features. Note that sound is off by default.
Great app. Bought for sound, to hear my dog. Lite version great too. Mic just makes noise, but not sure if it's my phone or camera rather than app.
Great app. Bought for sound, to hear my dog. Lite version great too. Mic just makes noise, but not sure if it's my phone or camera rather than app.
Great app. Bought for sound, to hear my dog. Lite version great too. Mic just makes noise, but not sure if it's my phone or camera rather than app.
Works as it says, on Motorola Droid 3G, even when web can software said the Droid couldn't support live video & no available Apps. This one works!
Works as it says, on Motorola Droid 3G, even when web can software said the Droid couldn't support live video & no available Apps. This one works!
Thank you for acting towards my last comment. Good dev! Add Texas hwy 360/camp wisdom rd
Thank you for acting towards my last comment. Good dev! Add Texas hwy 360/camp wisdom rd
Thank you for acting towards my last comment. Good dev! Add Texas hwy 360/camp wisdom rd
Thank you for acting towards my last comment. Good dev! Add Texas hwy 360/camp wisdom rd
Its a great app! Kinda takes off when i use pan/tilt.. widgets show up upside down as well.
THis app work a LOT better than the stock app that came with my ZModo DVR. only quirck is that it will sometimes switch one of my camera feeds for another feed for a second.. It also, thankfully, doesn't try to change the aspect ratio like my dvr's stock app does. One of thiose apps where the paid version, besides not really doing much extra, is still worth buying if just to credit a deserving developer.
I use this app to keep an eye on my cottage via webcams. Works great, love it!
Great software and very helpful developer provided an update to fix camera problems.
Great software and very helpful developer provided an update to fix camera problems.
Great software and very helpful developer provided an update to fix camera problems.
Great software and very helpful developer provided an update to fix camera problems.
Great software and very helpful developer provided an update to fix camera problems.
Great software and very helpful developer provided an update to fix camera problems.
Great software and very helpful developer provided an update to fix camera problems.
I've used many and this is the best cctv remote view app! Works perfectly on 3g. Dev is always improving supported cams/dvr's & constantly updating
Currently running 3 Trendnet cameras. One is a IP-422w pan and tilt . Software works great ! Using EVO with Android 2.2 .
Only way to watch my Foscam on Android that I've found. Well worth $5. Use the lite version to test you cam before buying, worked for me. Evo 4G
Not user friendly. I can't see it being any different than the one that was free. Waste of 5 bucks is my conclusion.
I had problems setting up my camera so i emailed Robert Chou and he helped walk me through everything... Thank you this app is awesome keep it up!!!
I would give it 7 stars if I could, and probably pay $50 for the app. After $3000 in cameras & DVR, this app is a bargain!
Works great! Says it has capability to scan cameras, but I couldn't figure it out.
Excellent full featured app. Has worked flawlessly on every IP cam I've tried unlike others.
Excellent full featured app. Has worked flawlessly on every IP cam I've tried unlike others.
Outstanding app. Easy to configure, easy to use. Recommend highly. Very satisfied.
Works great with the Panasonic ip cameras I bought to use as nanny cams! EXTREMELY happy with the software and the customer service!
Works great with the Panasonic ip cameras I bought to use as nanny cams! EXTREMELY happy with the software and the customer service!
Works great with the Panasonic ip cameras I bought to use as nanny cams! EXTREMELY happy with the software and the customer service!
Works great and is used every day. Pan/tilt with a,s,w,z keyboard keys is smooth. Even provides output control to alarm output on my cam! Love it.
Works great and is used every day. Pan/tilt with a,s,w,z keyboard keys is smooth. Even provides output control to alarm output on my cam! Love it.
He is the best helped me and took all the time I needed to make it work.we should all workthis way
He is the best helped me and took all the time I needed to make it work.we should all workthis way
He is the best helped me and took all the time I needed to make it work.we should all workthis way
He is the best helped me and took all the time I needed to make it work.we should all workthis way
Great app. Fast, stable, and comes with widgets to see cameras on your Android desktop as well as in the app.
I'm a cctv installer and this app is a great tool to showcase work done well. Never any problems.
This application is great I had a small glitch and emailed author and he replied within 24 hours and fixed the problem
This application is great I had a small glitch and emailed author and he replied within 24 hours and fixed the problem
I've played with a lot of web cam software for Android, and this is by far the best. Worth the cash.
Very nice app! I'm using it to monitor truck traffic @ our Asphalt plants works great with our Panasonic PTZ cams
Very nice app! I'm using it to monitor truck traffic @ our Asphalt plants works great with our Panasonic PTZ cams
Loud static pop when sound is initiated. Video quallity is great. Panasonic BL / HTC Incredible.
Loud static pop when sound is initiated. Video quallity is great. Panasonic BL / HTC Incredible.
Dev Rob is very helpful. If you need a cam app. This is it. Don't bother looking elsewhere.
Dev Rob is very helpful. If you need a cam app. This is it. Don't bother looking elsewhere.
Excellent app for viewing and controlling your cams. Developer even added my camera brand and did so expeditiously.
Excellent app for viewing and controlling your cams. Developer even added my camera brand and did so expeditiously.
This app is fantastic. Not only can I program/view my home cameras, I can check local traffic cams! Updates are often as well. HTC desire.
My Linksys WVC54G camera will no longer load after the recent update . Worked perfectly for months.
My Linksys WVC54G camera will no longer load after the recent update . Worked perfectly for months.
My Linksys WVC54G camera will no longer load after the recent update . Worked perfectly for months.
these guys rock.. had a camera that was not listed with them. sent them the details and within 24 hours they sent back a response saying it will be included in next release.. never even expected a response.. awesome app.. completely worth the money.. thanks guys..
After a few updates I was able to get my airlink101 camera to work even through my firewall so of course I purchased this app because I love it !
Great camera viewing. Works over 3g and Wifi. Hearing works great. Sound does not work to the camera speaker Foscam 8918W with latest firmware updates. Please fix talk option for this camera. Mic works great....talk does not. 5 stars when fixed.
Absolutely brilliant app. Has all my local traffic cams, and works with my home IP cams. Very well done.
takes forever to load video, half the time it says camera unavailable when it is available.
Best app for IP cameras, worth every penny, I had it free on applanet but your work is awesome, works better than any camera manufacturers apps!! A+++
This is the best android app I have. My ip camera works like a charm with this app.
This is the best android app I have. My ip camera works like a charm with this app.
Developer is extremely helpfully. You get every penny's worth out of your purchase.
Great application for checking out traffic either before heading out or when in a traffic jam. Easily worth the money IMO. Samsung Epic 4G
Great application for checking out traffic either before heading out or when in a traffic jam. Easily worth the money IMO. Samsung Epic 4G
Works Excellent! This is the easy part, keeping your cam streaming is the hard part
Works Excellent! This is the easy part, keeping your cam streaming is the hard part
Excellent app. I had an issue, sent rob an email and the same day he resolved it. If I could give it more stars I would.
Excellent app. I had an issue, sent rob an email and the same day he resolved it. If I could give it more stars I would.
Excellent app. I had an issue, sent rob an email and the same day he resolved it. If I could give it more stars I would.
The latest audio Supp. Of trendnet wifi ir cam make this app a video audio baby monitor Amazing mindblowing
Best IP camera viewer app for smartphones used for specific camera use such as surveillance of particular property or areas
Best IP camera viewer app for smartphones used for specific camera use such as surveillance of particular property or areas
Great app with frequent updates. Hoping the foscam clicking issue will get fixed soon.
Works perfect , monitoring 2 netgear dcs-910 on motorola droid. Moves fine between wlan and cellular data.
This App is awesome. You can look @ traffic before you have to go there. Look @ ur college make sure no trouble looming... HTC hero
hct Incredable
Otherwise great app. Cheers j
Outstanding security camera app. Developer is righteous in fixing problems quickly and constantly updating drivers and cameras. Well worth money
Works perfectly on my rooted CM6 Hero. Well worth the price! Using Dlink IP cams.
2-way audio working on panasonic BB series camera and HTC EVO. Rob is a great developer to work with and responds quickly. Awesome app and developer.
2-way audio working on panasonic BB series camera and HTC EVO. Rob is a great developer to work with and responds quickly. Awesome app and developer.
Developer is very easy to work with and is constantly updating the program. The program works as described. A must have for any Axis camera owner.
Two Foscam 8918w's and this prog rocks with them. Developer worked with me for two way audio, fantastic product support!
Two Foscam 8918w's and this prog rocks with them. Developer worked with me for two way audio, fantastic product support!
Awesomeness, great app, deserves a 5 star on the packed features. Especially the up coming feature.
Doesn't allow apps2sd. But it I'd phenomenal the effort and work Mr. Chou puts in
The best. Rob responds on spot. Fixed the invert button before I could close the application!!!!! Been using it since the beginning always works!!!!!
The best. Rob responds on spot. Fixed the invert button before I could close the application!!!!! Been using it since the beginning always works!!!!!
The best. Rob responds on spot. Fixed the invert button before I could close the application!!!!! Been using it since the beginning always works!!!!!
Best app ever. Don't one star if u don't know what ur doing. Or ur cheap internet can't keep up. 3G or better! WIFI best.
Only 15 minutes to download and try it out or no refund. It had not finished dload and ten minutes were used up. It would take a few to test. Oh well.
Great Application, worth every penny. Works with so many cameras and the developer is constantly adding support for more. This application runs great on my HTC EVO. Keep up the good work Rob!
Great Application, worth every penny. Works with so many cameras and the developer is constantly adding support for more. This application runs great on my HTC EVO. Keep up the good work Rob!
Best web can viewer on android. Rob is super helpful, updating all the time. Love it!
Best web can viewer on android. Rob is super helpful, updating all the time. Love it!
Best web can viewer on android. Rob is super helpful, updating all the time. Love it!
Very very very good work done. A must have app to control webcam. Just excellent!
Very very very good work done. A must have app to control webcam. Just excellent!
Works great on all my Android devices. A must buy if you own ip cameras
Fantastic app for home surveillance dvr with cameras. Robert provides excellent & prompt support if you need it. Worth every penny!! Thank you Robert!
Fantastic app for home surveillance dvr with cameras. Robert provides excellent & prompt support if you need it. Worth every penny!! Thank you Robert!
Fantastic app for home surveillance dvr with cameras. Robert provides excellent & prompt support if you need it. Worth every penny!! Thank you Robert!
Fantastic app for home surveillance dvr with cameras. Robert provides excellent & prompt support if you need it. Worth every penny!! Thank you Robert!
Fantastic app for home surveillance dvr with cameras. Robert provides excellent & prompt support if you need it. Worth every penny!! Thank you Robert!
Tried the free version for a few weeks and upgraded. Great product. I dont mind the updates shows the dev is trying to keep new features coming.
Tried the free version for a few weeks and upgraded. Great product. I dont mind the updates shows the dev is trying to keep new features coming.
Tried the free version for a few weeks and upgraded. Great product. I dont mind the updates shows the dev is trying to keep new features coming.
@Robert and others complaining about the updates...the frequent updates are mostly driver updates that add more cameras.
@Robert and others complaining about the updates...the frequent updates are mostly driver updates that add more cameras.
Tried the lite. Developer helped me get my unsupported dvr working so bought the app.. Nice features and even the lite was worth the download!
Great app, but soooo sick of the updates. C'mon already...is it every going to be a "finished project"?
This is one of the best apps on the market. Mr. Chou is outstanding. He returned my emails in a timely fashion and fixed my connection problem.Thanks!
Program now works great on my HTC Incredible. Had trouble getting it to work, but Robert got it to work for me. Thanks Robert!
This program is really great. I tried the free 1st and upgraded right away . It worked on a old dvr. Robert really knows what he is doing.
This program is really great. I tried the free 1st and upgraded right away . It worked on a old dvr. Robert really knows what he is doing.
This program is really great. I tried the free 1st and upgraded right away . It worked on a old dvr. Robert really knows what he is doing.
This program is really great. I tried the free 1st and upgraded right away . It worked on a old dvr. Robert really knows what he is doing.
This program is really great. I tried the free 1st and upgraded right away . It worked on a old dvr. Robert really knows what he is doing.
This program is really great. I tried the free 1st and upgraded right away . It worked on a old dvr. Robert really knows what he is doing.
This program is really great. I tried the free 1st and upgraded right away . It worked on a old dvr. Robert really knows what he is doing.
Incredible support, awesome dev, amazing app. I asked if he could support my dvr/cams and in less than a day he had it supported. Worth every penny
Incredible support, awesome dev, amazing app. I asked if he could support my dvr/cams and in less than a day he had it supported. Worth every penny
Hooked-use it all the time to check the kind of weather we will be getting.
Excellent app. Allows me to view different webcams from all over the world. Some of the traffic cams are working in Los Angeles, Ca. Easily worth $10.
Excellent app. Allows me to view different webcams from all over the world. Some of the traffic cams are working in Los Angeles, Ca. Easily worth $10.
Excellent app. Allows me to view different webcams from all over the world. Some of the traffic cams are working in Los Angeles, Ca. Easily worth $10.
Excellent app. Allows me to view different webcams from all over the world. Some of the traffic cams are working in Los Angeles, Ca. Easily worth $10.
Excellent app. Allows me to view different webcams from all over the world. Some of the traffic cams are working in Los Angeles, Ca. Easily worth $10.
Excellent app. Allows me to view different webcams from all over the world. Some of the traffic cams are working in Los Angeles, Ca. Easily worth $10.
Dev said brightness will be made an OPTION in next update! Fantastic app and super dev!
Fantastic application great support. Put in a new IP server by 3xLogic and it works great.
Great app, been using the widget on my droid 1 and galaxy tab for a few months now. Perfect.
Great app, been using the widget on my droid 1 and galaxy tab for a few months now. Perfect.
Great app, been using the widget on my droid 1 and galaxy tab for a few months now. Perfect.
Use this for work daily. Success with D-Link, Panasonic, Sony, and Viviotek models. The developer is constantly updating and improving the app too.
This developer is good. He is the only one who made an application which works with my old Q-See system.
This developer is good. He is the only one who made an application which works with my old Q-See system.
This developer is good. He is the only one who made an application which works with my old Q-See system.
This developer is good. He is the only one who made an application which works with my old Q-See system.
Cams in North TX do not stream. Cams in other area like Tx Panhandle do stream and othet states. These are Tx Highway Cams
Wow Amazing! Works awesome with HTC EVO and Night Owl DVR-FS. Worth every penny. Kudos Robert Chou!
Brilliant app constantly being improved and incredibly responsive dev. Worth every penny!
Brilliant app constantly being improved and incredibly responsive dev. Worth every penny!
Brilliant app constantly being improved and incredibly responsive dev. Worth every penny!
Brilliant app constantly being improved and incredibly responsive dev. Worth every penny!
Great app. Worked well with my system... setup was EZ. Easily worth the cost to keep an eye on things. Thanks!
Great app. Worked well with my system... setup was EZ. Easily worth the cost to keep an eye on things. Thanks!
Great app . I drive a tow truck is easy to find and assess accidents before I get there. All emergency personnel should use this tool
Great app . I drive a tow truck is easy to find and assess accidents before I get there. All emergency personnel should use this tool
Well after ycam updated the app, I could not see my ip cams (ycam app is full of bugs) this app works so well. Very please. Fast loading and Sharp.
Well after ycam updated the app, I could not see my ip cams (ycam app is full of bugs) this app works so well. Very please. Fast loading and Sharp.
As a professional IP Camera installer, this is a must program. Can't live without this program.
As an Axis camera installer its very nice to have this app on my phone to quickly test camera connections and remote viewing capabilities.
Great product, but just as important super quick support personally from the developer.
Works really well with my foscam and incredible. Two-way audio would be great as an update.
Works really well with my foscam and incredible. Two-way audio would be great as an update.
I have 5 cameras watching my dogs while I'm away. This app is excellent. It allows me to load and watch my pets with rarely a glutch! HTC Incredible
I have 5 cameras watching my dogs while I'm away. This app is excellent. It allows me to load and watch my pets with rarely a glutch! HTC Incredible
Excellent app for Droid. Works perfect on my home security set-up. Thanks for all the help and updates. Wish I could leave more stars....
This app is absolutely the best webcam app I have seen for Android! ALL my cams work perfectly and more important the author updates frequently.
Thanks for updating that bug for my Foscam FI8918W so fast . Now if you can update it to allow two way audio I will donate $15.
Thanks for updating that bug for my Foscam FI8918W so fast . Now if you can update it to allow two way audio I will donate $15.
5 star app thanks Dev. If u can add digimerge that would be greatly appreciated
5 star app thanks Dev. If u can add digimerge that would be greatly appreciated
Exceeded expectations! It saved me $100's. CCTV service wanted to sell me new unit, but Robert modified his app so I can view all my restaurants now.
Awesome customer service and application. Worth the money. The scan camera feature works great.
Just works as advertised! Very pleased with performance. Nice perk to have access to worldwide cams. Using with Panasonic bl-c30 series cams.
I've looked everywhere and this is the first app that plays my stream. Audio is a bit choppy but I give 5 stars. It's great!
Well worth $9.99, best surveilance app ever hands down. Would highly recommend! Nick M.
Nice program I just wish I could access my webcam from my 3G network when I'm not home. If I'm doing something wrong can someone please help me.
Worth every penny. Found a couple of old webcams I had given up on years ago. Great support. If you have a problem try asking for help.
Awesome app! I use it every day. Developer is very responsive & continually updates the app with improvements. Thank you Robert!
Great app! Works great on my HTC Evo. I just wish there was a password option in case the phone gets lost or stolen. Any suggestions?
Thanks Robert! Hey, Widgets were not working here, so uninstall, reinstall, and now working 100% perfect.
Really great program and it is always updated. Can't wait for audio for my Sharx camera! I know it is only a matter of time.
Really great program and it is always updated. Can't wait for audio for my Sharx camera! I know it is only a matter of time.
Really great program and it is always updated. Can't wait for audio for my Sharx camera! I know it is only a matter of time.
Really great program and it is always updated. Can't wait for audio for my Sharx camera! I know it is only a matter of time.
The best ip camera viewer out there. perfect if you have a larger number of cameras.
The best ip camera viewer out there. perfect if you have a larger number of cameras.
This is an excellent app. I have a Sharx camera. It is a terrific camera. With this app, your ability to view your camera on your android is a+!!
This is an excellent app. I have a Sharx camera. It is a terrific camera. With this app, your ability to view your camera on your android is a+!!
When people say he provides great support they mean it. Rob worked through an issue with me and got me up and running in no time. Well worth $10.
Only needed free but purchased. Worth the upgrade. Developer works hard to update, very helpful.
Only needed free but purchased. Worth the upgrade. Developer works hard to update, very helpful.
Fantastic app! Works perfect on Moto Droid. Developer keeps it updated better than ANY app in the market. I purchased even tho I only needed free ver.
Fantastic app! Works perfect on Moto Droid. Developer keeps it updated better than ANY app in the market. I purchased even tho I only needed free ver.
Fantastic app! Works perfect on Moto Droid. Developer keeps it updated better than ANY app in the market. I purchased even tho I only needed free ver.
Fantastic app! Works perfect on Moto Droid. Developer keeps it updated better than ANY app in the market. I purchased even tho I only needed free ver.
Fantastic app! Works perfect on Moto Droid. Developer keeps it updated better than ANY app in the market. I purchased even tho I only needed free ver.
Fantastic app! Works perfect on Moto Droid. Developer keeps it updated better than ANY app in the market. I purchased even tho I only needed free ver.
Fantastic app! Works perfect on Moto Droid. Developer keeps it updated better than ANY app in the market. I purchased even tho I only needed free ver.
Fantastic app! Works perfect on Moto Droid. Developer keeps it updated better than ANY app in the market. I purchased even tho I only needed free ver.
Fantastic app! Works perfect on Moto Droid. Developer keeps it updated better than ANY app in the market. I purchased even tho I only needed free ver.
Fantastic app! Works perfect on Moto Droid. Developer keeps it updated better than ANY app in the market. I purchased even tho I only needed free ver.
Works great! I can monitor all four of my cameras at the same time and then switch to a single view to move them individualy. A must have app!
Works great! I can monitor all four of my cameras at the same time and then switch to a single view to move them individualy. A must have app!
Better than the actual web interface builtin to cameras themselves! I can't imagine anyone using anything different for their Android phone.
Better than the actual web interface builtin to cameras themselves! I can't imagine anyone using anything different for their Android phone.
Cannot say enough about how important good support for applications are. Developer is responsive and on top of this one!
Cannot say enough about how important good support for applications are. Developer is responsive and on top of this one!
Work well on the epic! Phone can't keep up the view for more than 8 cameras (slow 3g) but still works good. Robert keeps updating software, A+ BestAPP
Works great for monitoring elderly parents via Sharx webcam using Motor Droid. Most excellent!!!
Works great for monitoring elderly parents via Sharx webcam using Motor Droid. Most excellent!!!
Works great with my QSEE DVR and Trendnet IP cameras. With a huge database of cameras, you'll easily find a profile for most on the market right now.
Outstanding! Best app on my phone. Have 11 geovision cameras and this brought them in easily. Very fast via wi-fi
Outstanding! Best app on my phone. Have 11 geovision cameras and this brought them in easily. Very fast via wi-fi
Outstanding! Best app on my phone. Have 11 geovision cameras and this brought them in easily. Very fast via wi-fi
Outstanding! Best app on my phone. Have 11 geovision cameras and this brought them in easily. Very fast via wi-fi
Outstanding! Best app on my phone. Have 11 geovision cameras and this brought them in easily. Very fast via wi-fi
Outstanding! Best app on my phone. Have 11 geovision cameras and this brought them in easily. Very fast via wi-fi
Outstanding! Best app on my phone. Have 11 geovision cameras and this brought them in easily. Very fast via wi-fi
Outstanding! Best app on my phone. Have 11 geovision cameras and this brought them in easily. Very fast via wi-fi
Outstanding! Best app on my phone. Have 11 geovision cameras and this brought them in easily. Very fast via wi-fi
Fantastic app! Well worth the price of paid version! Would like to see support for VideoIQ cameras/encoders and Honeywell DVRs. Thank you! 2.2 on Evo.
Excellent app! First 5 stars I've given. Major props for the excellent geo vision support.
Awesome apparently works perfectly with geovision. Make sure you put the port number in the address box even if you are using port 80
Can you make it so i can zoom in and out on the IMAGE? (Like u can in the internet browser)(cam doesnt have zoom)
Works superbly for all my web cameras. I've seen nothing better for smart phones, so far.
Works superbly for all my web cameras. I've seen nothing better for smart phones, so far.
Excellent Ap works well with Droid and many supported H.264 DVR'S. Buy the full version it's well worth more than the price.
Good app BUT keeps huge process in memory even when app or widget not running,which will slow down your device esp.if older
Fantastic app. Well worth the money. Works with Geovision and Moto Droid (Froyo) / HTC Incredible flawlessly.
Fantastic app. Well worth the money. Works with Geovision and Moto Droid (Froyo) / HTC Incredible flawlessly.
Outstanding!!!! Full motion video super easy to set up. Great image. Full pan tilt & sound with my panisonic bl-c131.
Really outstanding camera app, with audio. Also very fast, keeps up with live video on my cams.
Really outstanding camera app, with audio. Also very fast, keeps up with live video on my cams.
Really outstanding camera app, with audio. Also very fast, keeps up with live video on my cams.
The best app... for the price... This is the most used app on my Vibrant... THANKS!
The best app... for the price... This is the most used app on my Vibrant... THANKS!
Author tested cam for me before I bought and answered my questions within hours of when I sent them. App works great and author provides excellent sup
works great, although can't believe still no audio yet for linksys with all the obscure brands that have audio supported
Great tech support. Ask to get my dvr added and was done within two days. Image only function, but does work.
Great app but Maryland has a a web site with a boatload of traffic came. Can we get these added to app?
Does exactly what it should. Updates all the time. Waiting for ability to talk back through cam.
Does exactly what it should. Updates all the time. Waiting for ability to talk back through cam.
Does exactly what it should. Updates all the time. Waiting for ability to talk back through cam.
I'm so impressed with Rob's software, I had to give it 5 stars. He even added support for my businesses NVR software. It works perfectly!
Great app. Only one I've found that's easy to use and supports everything. Works good on incredible
Great app. Only one I've found that's easy to use and supports everything. Works good on incredible
Great app. Only one I've found that's easy to use and supports everything. Works good on incredible
Great app. Only one I've found that's easy to use and supports everything. Works good on incredible
Great app. Only one I've found that's easy to use and supports everything. Works good on incredible
A+, 5 star app. I use it to watch my kids at home. I can't think of any way this could be better.good job
A+, 5 star app. I use it to watch my kids at home. I can't think of any way this could be better.good job
A+, 5 star app. I use it to watch my kids at home. I can't think of any way this could be better.good job
Awesome. Worth ur price. Suggest add alternate address for cams the auto switch if connected by WiFi to alternate address. Thanks for a great app.
Amazing....I have 18 ip cams in this app. Perfect connections every time. Good clear pictures.
Amazing....I have 18 ip cams in this app. Perfect connections every time. Good clear pictures.
Amazing....I have 18 ip cams in this app. Perfect connections every time. Good clear pictures.
Amazing....I have 18 ip cams in this app. Perfect connections every time. Good clear pictures.
Very well written and the performance is quite impressive on Moto Droid 2.1. Well worth every penny of the purchase price. Thanks! Jlh3
Very well written and the performance is quite impressive on Moto Droid 2.1. Well worth every penny of the purchase price. Thanks! Jlh3
Very well written and the performance is quite impressive on Moto Droid 2.1. Well worth every penny of the purchase price. Thanks! Jlh3
This apps works perfectly with my axis 207mw and moto droid. I am very happy with this app. Glad to pay the $10. Worth it.
This apps works perfectly with my axis 207mw and moto droid. I am very happy with this app. Glad to pay the $10. Worth it.
Excellent app...excellent support....have recommended to several of my business partners.
Works flawlessly on HTC Incredible... kudos for the developer... only 3rd party app I've found that works with Geovision dv cards...
Awesome! Sound on the G1 would be great but I understand that the G1 is being left behind by Android :( But this app is great!
Awesome! Sound on the G1 would be great but I understand that the G1 is being left behind by Android :( But this app is great!
Awesome! Sound on the G1 would be great but I understand that the G1 is being left behind by Android :( But this app is great!
Awesome. Works great with dlink 2120 and cheap ebay fosscam ripoff, including audio! Just add the holy Grail of rtsp audio support and it'll be awesom
If u have doubts. dont can control my panasonic perfectly now i can.watch nany from anywhere! G1 and my touch..da best!!!!
If u have doubts. dont can control my panasonic perfectly now i can.watch nany from anywhere! G1 and my touch..da best!!!!
Still can not add cameras in my home town. Force closes all the time. I do send the reports.
Still can not add cameras in my home town. Force closes all the time. I do send the reports.
Latest version broke my Foscam access. Working perfectly until now, for many months. Suspect new audio features for Foams.
Latest version broke my Foscam access. Working perfectly until now, for many months. Suspect new audio features for Foams.
Latest version broke my Foscam access. Working perfectly until now, for many months. Suspect new audio features for Foams.
This app really is ahead of the game! That said, more to the UK than just London!
This app really is ahead of the game! That said, more to the UK than just London!
This app really is ahead of the game! That said, more to the UK than just London!
This is even better than the trendnet secureview program that came with the camera! It loads all my ipcams much faster and smoother!
How do i find more cams to check out? We like to check out foreign countries..
I'm ck from mn what luck on the win huh. Love the app its for home came while on the road works bettwr then on my comp.
Would get 5 stars if it allowed grouping of cameras via folders, network ssid, or GPS location. Still GREAT app!
Great job on the updates. The latest loads up the cameras super quick. Thanks for all your hard work.
Has great traffic cams of my small city Tampa, FL. Please add more down I-75 South and on I-275 in St. Pete by where the Tampa Bay Rays play.
Has great traffic cams of my small city Tampa, FL. Please add more down I-75 South and on I-275 in St. Pete by where the Tampa Bay Rays play.
Works well for me. I have three cams setup for home security and I can view them from anywhere.
Works well for me. I have three cams setup for home security and I can view them from anywhere.
Works well for me. I have three cams setup for home security and I can view them from anywhere.
Excellent viewer... using Droid in Los Angeles. Freeway images here are super slow to refresh. Is this because of slow LA cameras?
Works perfectly with Vivotek 7138 and HTC hero. Not sure what all the updates are thou ?
Works perfectly with Vivotek 7138 and HTC hero. Not sure what all the updates are thou ?
Excellent app. Excellent email support. Set up my home cameras and traffic cams, paid for itself today by saving me time getting to work
Excellent app. Excellent email support. Set up my home cameras and traffic cams, paid for itself today by saving me time getting to work
Awsome email support. Works great once you figure out how to use ddns service for outside router/network.
pretty simple to set up for home IP cams. Need to have a little knowledge or know how to read instructions at fifth grade level.
pretty simple to set up for home IP cams. Need to have a little knowledge or know how to read instructions at fifth grade level.
Amazing app! Works great, widgets are awesome. Very very impressed! Now I can watch my dog misbehave on the go!
Great app developer is quick to fix bugs and answers all your questions in a timely manner
Very nice. Loved lite so much i had to buy full. Would love a record option or better a cache one can save. But that may be asking to much
excellent app, I use it everyday to monitor my house web cam anzd traffic in Boston and Montreal
excellent app, I use it everyday to monitor my house web cam anzd traffic in Boston and Montreal
Great app! Use it everyday. Full version seems to stream faster. all this app needs is audio and it would be flawless.
Really nice app, would be better with sound for house cams, and the traffic cams five stars to have all 10 cameras that I need on one screen A+
This is the best I've seen yet - this is the way go hands down! buy it: )
This app rules! I live in Boston and traffic can be very tough, with tis app I can easily pick the best route. A must have! Scott S.
Awesome fast support. If you dont understand how to use it, email the developer. Very basic and straightforward though. Moto Droid
App works great!!! Using it with geovision 800 system, glad you beat them to market with a great app A+++.
This is a fantastic program better than a $400 program on my laptop. Robert fixed a cam problem in 2 days - worth 10 times the price. Gary moto droid
Needs more interesting and random camera browsing! That would be cool. Like random cities of the world.
Best app I've bought so far. Using it to watch 9 cameras and it works flawlessly. very helpful developer.
This app is great! I live in DC & it works like a charm. Can you add more MD cameras? Just noticed its restricted mostly to Baltimore.
This app is great! I live in DC & it works like a charm. Can you add more MD cameras? Just noticed its restricted mostly to Baltimore.
Amazing app works easily with geovision no problems and works even faster if your connected to wifi
Amazing app works easily with geovision no problems and works even faster if your connected to wifi
Works great! Use it to watch my dog on a panasonic cam. The cam does have a built in mobile web page it can be viewed from, but this is much nicer.
Hands down the best app i ever put on my droid... now i check traffic miles ahead before i make my route ... in honolulu!!!! Works great
Love this app! You can look at traffic cameras all over the world. Very entertaining!
This is the first application I have paid for, and it is excellent! Runs well on Droid and supports pan, tilt and presets on Trendnet TV-IP422W.
This is the first application I have paid for, and it is excellent! Runs well on Droid and supports pan, tilt and presets on Trendnet TV-IP422W.
This is the first application I have paid for, and it is excellent! Runs well on Droid and supports pan, tilt and presets on Trendnet TV-IP422W.
This is a great webcam viewer! Developer is the best at responding to questions. This dev is brilliant! --love the widgets add on!!
It's hard enough finding a PC app that does what this does. Outstanding five stars. I would have paid more!
Works great but would like traffic cams for Sutter and Yuba counties. Yuba City & Marysville are city names.
Works great but would like traffic cams for Sutter and Yuba counties. Yuba City & Marysville are city names.
Great app...I am very impressed as tothe ongoing work Professor Chou has put into his creation
Nice concept but DOESN'T refresh cameras... showed me traffic cam that 6+ hrs old!!! Unistall & refund!
Nice concept but DOESN'T refresh cameras... showed me traffic cam that 6+ hrs old!!! Unistall & refund!
It would be nice if we could create a profile for different groups of cameras ..... would also be nice if we could view more than 9 at a time
It would be nice if we could create a profile for different groups of cameras ..... would also be nice if we could view more than 9 at a time
OK..this has convinced me to get a webcam to watch our kids with the babysitter and when we go on vacation..excellent!
This app is amazing, thought I'd never find a replacement when I switched from iPhone to Android, but this is even better especially the live grid!
This app is amazing, thought I'd never find a replacement when I switched from iPhone to Android, but this is even better especially the live grid!
This app is amazing, thought I'd never find a replacement when I switched from iPhone to Android, but this is even better especially the live grid!
Best app ever worth every penny!... i wish they had a cam 4 syracuse ny...
Best app ever worth every penny!... i wish they had a cam 4 syracuse ny...
Works great for accessing my geovision system. Would like to see ability to do groupings and then maybe i'd watch traffic cams too.
Nice, but make sure it has your city first. Didnt check mine and now its too late for refund. Developer was unresponsive when I requested he added it.
about time ther was a forum with loads of ip cam urls to look at for fun! I dont use the app for persaonal use as i do not own a ip cam. Please!
Awesome! Love the new gallery view with all cams on 1 page! Like to see a feature to mute/disable cams for faster transport.
Thank you for updating this app, and for being responsive to your user base. Best app i own...
Really cool u can see if there is traffic ahead or when your sitting in triffic u can see wuts ahead or just watch cars in other countrys for fun lol
Really cool u can see if there is traffic ahead or when your sitting in triffic u can see wuts ahead or just watch cars in other countrys for fun lol
Really cool u can see if there is traffic ahead or when your sitting in triffic u can see wuts ahead or just watch cars in other countrys for fun lol
Really cool u can see if there is traffic ahead or when your sitting in triffic u can see wuts ahead or just watch cars in other countrys for fun lol
This is an awesome app. definately worth the money! Robert has an amazing response time too!
This is an awesome app. definately worth the money! Robert has an amazing response time too!
This ap is great this developer went completly out of his way to make this work for me thank you so much couldent ask for more
This ap is great this developer went completly out of his way to make this work for me thank you so much couldent ask for more
This ap is great this developer went completly out of his way to make this work for me thank you so much couldent ask for more
Been using since first releace. Have watched it grow into a very versitile not to mention essential tool in my life. All com w/ dev was pos&productive
Worked flawlessly eith my edimax ip cam. Thank you for a gr8 app! Used the lite version and had to buy to support Dev
Worked flawlessly eith my edimax ip cam. Thank you for a gr8 app! Used the lite version and had to buy to support Dev
Worked flawlessly eith my edimax ip cam. Thank you for a gr8 app! Used the lite version and had to buy to support Dev
Worked flawlessly eith my edimax ip cam. Thank you for a gr8 app! Used the lite version and had to buy to support Dev
This is truly a gift, I use it to monitor my business and my home.
Even though this is the only IP Cam viewer it's very good.  Dev is very reponsive.  Like to see more features.
Very cool! I was able to check on the pets while on vacation! Now I'm going to buy even more IP cams.
Very cool! I was able to check on the pets while on vacation! Now I'm going to buy even more IP cams.
