Google really dropped the ball
Newest update crashes my phone causing it to reboot itself. Very frustrating!! Fix asap please!
Latest update crashes my Verizon Rezound everytine I try to use it. Plz fix.
This last maps update and 4.0 on a Rezound, phone still resets!!!!! #sucks
Each time I use this app since it updated my phone crashes and restarts itself right away. Please fix the problem. I just uninstalled the update and went back to the original app and I have no problems at all.
This new version Always crashes.
This was the most used app on my phone and was the trump card I had over my wife's iPhone. I would use it to travel across the country or to find a shop near by on foot. I would use it to look at a road layout for parking or the travel time and traffic for getting to work. But since the last update my phone now crashes and restarts after about a min of use. To say that this has become annoying is an understatement. I'm down loading a new nav app until this is sorted.
The newest update crashes within a couple of minutes of use and I think the source is latitude. Using older version until then.
Tried to use the app two times and both times resulted in a boot loop, until I pulled the battery. Would love to see this app stable on Devil's Toast
Crashed my phone every time I opened the app. Dissatisfied. Come on Google! Hustle!
THIS LAST UPDATE TOTAL WASTE OF TIME CRASHES PHONE EVERY TIME ITS USED !!!!!
Keeps rebooting my rezound with the new 4.0 update.
Can you please make it possible to turn off the voice feature. We already have that with Navigation.
Crashes with every use.  Htc rezound
The most recent update turns my phone off and restarts..
Every time you use offline mapping it crashes my phone (HTC Sensation) when using directions you can't back out of the program or it Will reset your phone every time.
I leave at one star because since last update phone always restarts. HTC rezound
Newest update crashes my HTC Rezound every time I use it. Love Maps in general, but there's nothing worse than having the phone crap out on me mid trip, then having to pull over and wait for it to reboot .
The app causes my phone to reboot every time I use it. Something has gone very wrong since the last update.
Everytime I open this app now, my phone either freezers or restarts on its own...never had a problem wit this app until this new update. It crashes entirely too much! Please Fix
Known issues with HTC phones and Ice Cream Sandwich OS causing phone to shut down... Waiting for new patch
When I want to use maps it just shuts off. I haven't been able to use maps since the update. I'm trying to uninstall it
It used to be a very good app and it helped me so much, I used it all the time. Ever since the ics update it crashes every single time, and what's more frustrating is that it restarts the phone every time too! Please fix ASAP! I relied on this app so much.
No clue what Google have done to this but now the sat Nav is almost useless as it doesn't warn about upcoming turns until you are on top of it and will cause an accident trying to take the turn. Google what the hell??????
No clue what Google have done to this but now the sat Nav is almost useless as it doesn't warn about upcoming turns until you are on top of it and will cause an accident trying to take the turn. Google what the hell??????
ZiZim.
This has become unusable. Everytime I open it my phone freezes and reboots.
It crashes every time. Makes my phone reboot.
The new update keeps shutting down my whole phone.
Latest update has rendered maps non functional. Phone crashes and resets when maps are opened. Please fix asap. Great app but this update bombed :-(
Latest update makes it unusable. Crashes n reboots HTC rezound. Please fix!
Latest update makes it unusable. Crashes n reboots HTC rezound. Please fix!
Please fix HTC Rezound
I feel very bad  Very poooor
I love google maps and use it all the time. But with this new update it crashes and reboots my phone EVERY time. I can't use it anymore. PLEASE fix
Crashes my phone every time!
Crashes phone everytime! I get lost using it
Phone reboots everytime I use the app now, used to work, wtf google get on your game and fix this
Rezound restarts after seconds of opening the app... Waiting this long for fix update is leaving me to have to find a replacement app.
HTC Resound crashed every time. Iove the app if it would not crash.  Look for patch in future.
While in the middle of a large city, I will loose the GPS signal numerous times. Not helpful and dangerous to try to reconnect while driving. Also seems as if the GPS is slightly off as I am driving on an interstate it gets confused and thinks I'm on a street and will begin giving wrong directions to re route or route a different way. Not sure if this is a Samsung device issue or a Google issue.. very annoying and inconvenient to say the least.  Am I the only one with this issue? Come on Google!
Latest version crashes and locks phone up requiring battery removal.
This was once great but now it crashes my phone when I open it. Fix it google!
After latest update, phone reboots every time I use this app.
Phone crashes and shuts down everytime you use maps completely useless please fix
Booting up this app causes my phone to restart. I know I'm not the only one. This needs to be fixed. Now.
Keeps force closing after the update.
Has crashed everytime I opened it since the new update can you please fix this I use maps pretty often n would like to continue using it
Does not shows d exact location. Make my phone restart. Sensation India.Uninstalled.
Google really dropped the ball
Google really dropped the ball
After ICS update, Google Navigation causes Resound to reboot about 1/2 minute after openning.  Very disappointed in quality control.  Navigation was one of my favorite most important apps.
Just like all other HTC Rezound users are reporting, everytime I open this app it restarts my phone. Google maps was my favorite map app until this last update came out. Completely unusuable now.
HORRIBLE come on get it 2getha
The 8/16/12 update crashes every time on HTC Sensation causing the phone to reboot. Open the app and in 1-2 minutes.. CRASH. C'mon Google... its been too long since you released this fatally flawed update. Fix this essential app!
Ever since I did the update it crashes my phone
The last update crashes my phone everytime I open the app! Can we please get an update for the HTC sensation users?!?! Ugh!
The previous version was amazing, best navigation system I've used. But since the latest update it has made life very irritating. Forced closes 100% of the time within one minute of opening maps on my Sensation. Will gladly give it 5 stars once again when this issue is resolved.
Every time I installed this update after about 20 seconds after I open my phone restarts itself. Sucks! HTC rezund ice cream
I used to love this app. Now it crashes every time I search for directions. What changed?
Turns my whole phone off when i use GPS and It's not very accurate anymore GPS needs to be improved HTC sensation
after updating it to newest version, every time when I use it the mobile reboots. Had to delete the update
Phone crashes everytime navigation starts... Makes it unusable
The last update hides the navigation button, why?? Besides that, he app crashes when attempting to get directions to a place.
Maps
The Navigation feature keeps crashing my HTC Sensation XL at every attempt to use it. The app is no longer reliable as it once was. That could have had disastrous consequences on the motorway yesterday, if I didn't abort the journey to use another device instead.  (Android version 4.0.3, software number 3.33.401.106).
Phone crashes after a minutes usage of the application.
Has stopped working after update.  HTC desire. Please fix.
Latest update makes it reboot phone after running app for about 20 seconds
Latest update makes it reboot phone after running app for about 20 seconds
Wow restarts phone!
App used to be the best. Gps broken on last update and now the program is completely useless. Had to switch to verizon navigator.  Ewwwwww.
Bcm more use less in more update frm where we can chose layre(satalite) and many more option ful bakwas ho gaya hai pls improve yar pls
It crashes.
As the title says, before the last update it was brilliant and stable, now it crashes after a few seconds and forces a reboot. Hopefully it won't be too long before Google sort it out.
Crashes & Reboots phone everytime I try to use the app. HTC Rezound 4.0.3
After the last update the application no longer works, it opens and shows a loading screen until you close it or it crashes. I really hope it gets fixed, I loved the previous versions of maps
The app keeps making my phone reboot. :(
Loved this on the Incredible 2. Crashes and resets my Rezound. Come on guys/gals fix this.
New update completely unusable! Crashes and reboots the phone continously. Not amused I found this out whilst lost.
It just reboots my phone.  HTC Rezound.
Every time I open Google maps after the last update my phone crashes, making it impossible to use, please fix it ASAP, HTC Sensation xe.
Move to SD please just like g+..
Latest update on HTC Rezound and LG Lucid forces forces restart or doesn't load maps, plz fix
On vacation with HTC Resound ICS and Maps is constantly crashing. App barely starts and the phone turns off. Over and over. No warning phone just turns off. Verizon support says to uninstall. Uh for the cost and technology...don't use it? Very frustrating.
Last update made it impossible to use. It crashes immediately after opening. I used it all the time. Very frustrated!
Resets my phone every time I go to use it.  Had to delete the update in order to use the app again. Sucks because I use it for work.
Loved this app but now it crashes all the time and causes my rezound to restart. Please fix this issue ASAP
Newest update crashes phone when trying to use the navigator. Uninstalled update to 6.3 and seems to work again.
If you have HTC like I do, uninstall all the updates and revert to factory settings. This can be done in from the apps section of the phone settings menu. My experience with the most recent update was that after about 15 seconds using either maps or google nav, the phone would restart completely. It is unwise to completely neglect an entire company's worth of a user base. Lots of people have HTC phones. And it would be prudent to resolve this issue as soon as possible.
Used to be an amazing app, but now crashes within 2 mins every time I try to use it - randomly forces a restart of my phone! Got me completely lost because of this! I uninstalled the recent update and sort of fixed the problem. Will not use again until I can confirm this is fixed.
UPDATE: It used to be flawless app for my HTC sensetion 4G. Now it crashes my phone every time I use it. Reboots my phone. Very frustrating. Google please fix this as soon as possible.
New version of Maps doesn't give me directions anymore when I put in one or two destinations... just a line on a map with no other options. Bad update!
Updated app now restarts my phone when open.. fix please
Used this app all the time and loved it until it updated.  Now my HTC rezound crashes when I open this app.  FIX IT PLEASE!!!!
Update made my phone usless. Had to turn off Mobile Network to keep phone from rebooting. Uninstalled updates for now.
Horrible . . Latest update ws d worst
I am not able to use the maps app at all!! Please fix! I'm relying on this app to get around
Crashes phone and reboots every single time I look for a map location, New update is garbage
Excellent app in play store!!!!!
What an awful update cannot stay open for more than 2 min before crashing sort it out!
It worked fine two weeks ago b4 the update. New version reboots phone with each use. Seems like many HTC phones have this problem from the most recent reviews. Quite disappointing as this is a crucial app.
It works great in my hometown, but that doesn't really matter. I need it to work in towns that I don't know my way around. It just stops knowing my location and puts me on a random spot on the map and changes the directions and it is very frustrating. Directions to a Sonic 6 minutes away took nearly 25 minutes to get to because of this app.
My HTC Sensation XE keeps restarting after the update of maps
Keep crashing. What is the point of this app? Would give no star if I could.
After 16 august this app rebooting my phone every time I try to use it. Come on google guys, is that all you can really do?
Google please fix HTC rezound, New update for maps keeps crashing my phone, please fix. HTC users if you uninstall the update it works just fine.
Had to uninstall update. Causes phone to crash & takes up way more space than is listed.
Google maps was always my favorite app on my android since we purchased the g1 on pre-order. Now, it crashes my sensation every time I input an address and the car moves!?! Completely unusable~ please fix this....
Tried to reinstall, same issue. Can only use old version. Cause HTC rezound to restart everytime. :(
Ever since last update 6.10map and navigator crashes my phone every single time. Worked fine before then. Disappointing. Give HTC the same fix Samsung got darn it! Uninatall updates on  app and Download 6.9 from xda forums to fix... PITA
It crashes and locks out my Bluetooth reboots my phone and still is a pain to try to use
Was working beautifully, but after last update my htc sensation crashes and restarts after a couple minutes on the app.  wth google?
Since last update, maps causes phone to reset.
New update crashes my phone and restarts whenever I open maps. Uninstalled the update, please fix!!
Latest update causes my HTC Resound to continously reboot.  I had to remove it from my phone.
Phone reboots at every attempt to use maps... HTC rezound
Not sure where the problem is.  ICS update, HTC sense, or Google maps update, but it now restarts my phone every time.  I need this app to work.  Someone needs to offer a solution.
Update 6.10 = auto restart  FIX IT PLEASE!
after last update turn by turn navigation does not work... uninstall the update and it works fine..please fix this
Used to love this app. Now its useless. Crashes my HTC every time I use it. Great update, Google. Good job!
In the past, was pleased with this app, but latest update causes spontaneous phone reboot on every search in Maps.  HTC Rezound. Verizon ICS distro.  Going back to default, retry update in a few weeks.
Great app, made useless by this update!
Makes my rezound restart. Fix!
App doesnt work!! Makes my phone reboot every time I use it.
Has been great up until the last update. Now it restarts the phone after a few seconds. Using an HTC rezound. Please fix it. I rely on google maps.
Crashes and restarts phone upon navigation or directions.
keep crashing
no layers available! no possibility to go back to own position because the icon is missing.   update makes it worse :-(
Crashes way too many times! Very irritating! Please fix! Phone rebooted 10 times in 5 minutes!
I use to love this app, now after the update it crashes the phone everytime I open it up. Wanna use the navigation or get directions, the whole phone resets not just the app itself. I switched to Tele-Nav, and I gotta say I like it.
Lucky to get 5 mins before rebooting the whole phone.
HTC Rezound reboots every single time maps is used. Shoddy coding. Get on this google! Seems like every complaint lately is from an HTC user.
Very annoyed that I was told by HTC that I had to uninstall all 3rd party apps to solve a phone issue.  Turns out its Google maps causing the issue.  Fix it NOW please.  Bad Form from Google.
Keeps crashing phone since update. Big Fail.
fix this update! how long should this take?  it was working fine b4 this update!
When it actually opens it Crashes everytime I try to input an address. Most times it says "no data connection" when that is not the case at all! Before he update I loved this app but now I hate it!
This application is a must have. It really helps you. On a HTC device it doesn't work very good. The phone restarts every time you launch the application. Please fix this!
HTC sensation 4g. It crashes all the time just as other reviewers of this phone have said.
The map comes up briefly, then reboots my phone. Not helpful!
Crashes & reboots every time I try to search for a location, unusable on my HTC Rezound. Are the developers going to fix it???
The last update is unusable! Within 5minutes of opening it reboots my phone.
Crashes every time I try to launch. Had to uninstall updated in order for it to be usable.
Reboots my phone
Last update killed this on my rezound. Loading maps or navigation crashes the phone. uninstalled all updates and now at least i can use the old app.
Crashes immediately upon opening on my HTC One S. Pretty pathetic if you ask me. Sweet new icon, terrible new update.
Currently running stock gingerbread. Gps still fails to work well after the latest update on Atrix 4g. Have to revert back to original version in order to get the gps to work. Would be great if gps worked and it doest force quit as often as it does since latest update.
Crashes and reboots my phone everytime I try to use it since ics update. Was 5 star now unusable :(
Worked well before updating and ICS update. Now, its broken. I have uninstalled all updates so that I can at least use it.
Goes restart.
The new update has made the phone unusable. Crashes every time and phone reboots. Please help fix urgently
Horrible update! Crashes and restarts phone everytime it's used. I had to downgrade back to the previous version.
Latest version crashes on HTC Sensation. Switched to mapquest.
Will be back to 5 star it doesn't reset my rezound anymore!
Since last update every HTC Sensation crashes after using app for 30+ seconds, please fix
Rezound crashes every time I use any function of maps forces my phone to reset ever since updates
I use to love this app. Now every time I try to use the app it crashes and forces my phone to reboot. I have to use a different GPS app now. Please fix!
I spent 30 minutes the other day trying to get the app to last long enough before crashing to find out where I was going! It was never a problem before but with the latest updates it won't last 30 seconds without crashing my whole phone. HTC sensation.
The latest version crashes my phone every time I look for directions. Factory version was stable.
I've still got an HTC Hero and I don't have 20 MB just for my navigation app.  It's not just Google maps (which as many people have mentioned crashes on HTCs now at random times, or even just comes back up from a blank screen without the route you're trying to follow), but about all these other little apps whether you want them or not.  And you can't move it to your SD card because then it goes completely haywire.  MapQuest it is (2.5 MB download vs. over 6)
Terrible update crashes on everystrp. Please fix the issues.
This was my favorite app for a long time, now it causes my phone  to crash every time. EVERY TIME.  HTC Sensation
Tried to update maps but keeps giving me the above message.....rubbish
I learned that the new update makes most or maybe all sensations reboot!!!!!!! Why!? Plz fix I loved this app very helpful
Using HTC sensation and after 30 seconds in maps it freezes and phone restarts. Only happened since last update. Please fix
It,s getting worse. Used to be my most used app, but in my Galaxy pro I don't have the "my location" or "layers" or any other useful items. Pleaaase, fix it; come back old g-maps!  :(
The new update cant even connect to latitude. Absolutely ridiculous. I love google maps but this update sucks. I had to uninstall this update. Fix it soon so that i can update.
Worst of all, it happened while I was on vacation trying to use it
Give it 30 seconds and watch the OS restart. Using Icecream Sandwich and the Aug 16, 2012 Maps update. Reverted to built-in version until new release.
After this update phone restarts every time when opened this app
Update crashes HTC rezound every time... fix it already... We are getting lost!
Saya melakukan update tapi gagal terus. Yg intinya memory penuh padahal free space masih banyak
Since the most recent update. HTC Rezound. Normally a five star app.
The newest update looks cool, but makes the phone reboot. I Won't update until bugs are fixed.
Every time I open maps my phone reboots about 1 minute later. Just started after the last update.
I am also experiencing the app crashing every time I use it can you please fix it is a lifeline for me
Keeps crashing with rezound. Not happy turns off entire phone. Fix ice cream please.
DO NOT INSTALL THIS UPDATE it will not allow you to use maps or navigation, the phone will reset . Google YOU need to fix this!
I used to love maps but since upgrading this app is barely noticeable and causes my phone to reboot!   Come on Google this should be fixed ASAP!
I never had a problem with this app bit ever since the last update my phone reboots everytime I want to use it PLEASE FIX!!!!!
Should be good
Getting a lot of screen map freezing although voice nav remains accurate ... annoying .... give the original back
Exactly! crashes phone and I never have enough storage for this app!
The latest update crashes and forces the phone to restart every time it's used.
HTC sensation is still rebooting even after the update that states the bugs are fixed......... This apps is now in the junk category.
Crash after 2 sec... Take your time testing it before to release it. HTC rezound Verizon android 4.0
Makes HTC rezound isc reboot
Crashes the phone after a few secs... :p
This recent update reboots my Rezound whenever it is running. Loved this app but must uninstall the update. Would get 0 stars if I could, completely unusable,  and was my most used app.
Everytime I open it, it reboots my phone, definitely doesn't work on my HTC Rezound.
Maps CRASHES AND REBOOTS the HTC Sense-equipped devices, every time. Second, also important - what's happened to the U.S.'s female voice? Even when uninstalled updates I could hear this annoying brit gay - where's American voice at? If you can't fix it, revert changes to the previous version. You have SVN or GIT Google, do you?
That would be me, everytime I open up PLAY in hope of an update for Google Crash.. I mean Maps. No more testing, it definitely DOESN'T WORK. Fix it. Fix it. Fix it.
Like most HTC folks, it crashes my phone, when I need it the most. It reboots my phone and I can't even send an error report before my phone crashes again. Very upsetting :(
Updated to the latest version and now my rezound constantly restarts when I use maps.
Crashes the Rezound. Tried it on 2 phones and ended up uninstalling it. Makes the phone reboot.
Please fix it. I have been using this for awhile and its disappointing that the updates makes it worse.
This ap used to have 5 stars for me...... Till the latest update that is. I use the nav all the time for work and on the latest update it made it completely unuseable. It freezes and causes the phone to reboot every time I try to use it. I had to uninstall update and revert to previous version to get it to work. This was always my go to nav app but if this doesn't get sorted I'll have no option but to ditch it and go to somthing that actually works. SORT IT OUT DEVS!! HTC sensation XE
The last update made my navigation useless. It kicks me out and then reboots my phone. Loved this app before...please fix asap!
Since the most recent update my HTC Rezound crashes every time I try to use it. Get it fixed and you're back to the 5 stars you deserve.
Screen is turning off, I always need to turn it back on when using navigation...
And screen is not following to my location in navigation...
For a few weeks now causes the phone to reboot
Crashes phone every time you try and use it, what a let down.
Phone keeps rebooting while running Maps!
Very bad....please fix last update.....htc sensation....my phone is crashing now....
I used to love this app, but since the last upgrade it works for like 3 minutes and crashes my phone... They need to fix this with a quickness...
Keeps crashing me phone after the updates! >:o
Great app, but latest update crashes my HTC Sensation XE all the time!  Almost unusable.  Will give 5 stars again when this is fixed.
No downloading to long period.
Mobile restarts while using the app
Clicking on the icon opens up a white screen for about 10 seconds then it closes and goes back to the icon list.  1 Star until this latest update is replaced with a working version.
It could be a problem with the HTC system as it seems all HTCs are crashing. Solution... Uninstall the update and go back to old version  Since this last update every time I open the map, try to go to navigation, latitude, or do anything else, the whole phone crashes shut down and restarts on its own. I try to uninstall the update and then reinstall it again several times with no success. HTC Rezound
Latest update is too big. Will have no choice but to uninstall unless fixed and that would be a shame as worked well before update.
where is the option for satelite view????
Please fix the update! I have always loved the Maps app. The latest update however always causes my HTC Rezound to unexpectedly restart. I rely on this app to direct me to my different jobs. Last Saturday evening Maps continuously crashed my phone. After uninstalling the latest update the phone works fine again.
Freezes & reboots my phone when in use. Was there a recent update?
Ever since the last update this app has sucked! When you put in for directions all it does is bring up a map. No time frame, miles, or option to look at the directions list. And at times it won't connect with the navigation. The really bad thing is I can't find how to email Google about this. No email in the app store, can't find one online.  Nice the customer can't even contact them.
Not good nice
Reboots my HTC sensation every time after last update it takes about 2 minutes it looses GPS signal then it just restarts my phone quite annoying while you're driving please fix it in forgot how to use a map
The latest "Maps" update crashes when I open it. I believe de problem is with HTC alone. Question is did they not test it in HTC at all before releasing de update.
It crashes my phone and causes it to restart every time I use it. Please fix this app asap!
It crashes my phone and causes it to restart every time I use it. Please fix this app asap!
I love google map. It's super helpful and user friendly. But recent update is really bad, it started crashing like hell! Pls fix!!! HTC sensation.
Used to be great before last few updates. Maps is pretty important part of daily life. Phone will crash within 20 seconds of opening maps
Crashes if GPS signal is loss making phone restart
Such a promising program that I've used for years. Unfortunately google has failed to test this version properly. My phone - sensation- like many others as the reviews will suggest keeps crashing on this update. Come on google....sort it out!
New update completely unusable on Asus Transformer - constantly crashes.
after update becom very poor .
its useless to me I can't even update it, it says package files invalid
I also have htc and its not working at all. Mobile crash. I use this app almost every day and this is the worst update ever. Pls make new one
Everytime I zoom. Phone Resets. Ics from verizon
Every time I try to use maps it shuts my phone down wish I hadn't updated it !
Update has caused phone to shut off with in seconds of being on maps app. PLEASE FIX!!!!
Makes my phone shut off when i open it.
HTC Rezound goes into a quick reset withing 30seconds of starting the latest version! I unstalled the update and it works fine. Latests version is unuseable!
If you're using an HTC device,  don't update otherwise your phone will crash,  hopefully Google will fix this soon,  until then it's completely useless,  unless you uninstall the update.
Used to be one of my favorite and most used apps. But since the last update it keeps crashing my entire phone (htc sensation).
This update keeps crashing the phone. Pls fix bug ASAP.
New version updated last week crashes every time, reboots my HTC Sensation. Please fix or let me roll back. I have had to uninstall until I hear it has been fixed.
The latest update has shot the size of the app up to nearly 20MB, and with no option to send the app to SD, it's easy to run out of space quickly. Please add this option!
Uses so much memory .. Pls give move to sd card support or reduce size...galaxy ace has less memory ...
Very bad for the last version.everytime I open the program,my phone crash and restart.Latitude also can't detect my friend's location and can't invite friends.
I use Google Maps more than I ever realised but this version crashes my phone EVERY time. Bloody useless upgrade. Come on Google, get it sorted out! (HTC Sensation XE)
I need this application! Use it everyday!  For the last week every time is use it makes my phone crash.
Latest update crashes phone every time, HTC Rezound.
Recent update crashes my HTC Sensation XE when I use Navigation.  Please fix!
Since update I have lost my location and different views/layers
Guys, what's happened? I got rid of my SATNAV because this was so good. But now it just won't start or crashes the phone after 5 minutes of travel. Then you have to find a place to stop to reset your phone. Very Disappointing! My mate with the same phone has the same issue! HTC Sensation XE
Bring back the Latitude widget, please!  Do the devs honestly believe the users of Latitude want to have to drill thought several layers of Maps menus just to check-in or locate family/friends? It should be at-a-glance.
Old versions were great, but no longer usable. Navigation never works anymore....just searches and searches for location, especially if there's a cloud in the sky....this is England. It's ALWAYS cloudy!
needs some serious updating. when maps first opens you have to wait 5-10 seconds before doing anything or else it will kick you back to the beginning of maps. also when looking up directions, it just shows map view. its almost impossible to see the direction list. doesn't give me the option, and the bottom arrows to navigate, just won't appear anymore. its dangerous when on the road and all these changes accur please fix. and when typing contacts names I'm maps to see directions they no longer appear!
New update is pathetic...
Normally spot on and 5 stars, but crashes since latest update when traffic layer applied on sensation xe with ics.
Every time I try to get directions from other location than where I am it crashes my phone. Phone: HTC Sensation  Network: Orange
Crashes and reboots after 2 minutes of getting directions :( very bad update.. google your going down hill with this update, please fix
My phone, htc sensation always crash after the update,please fix this. May phone always undergoes abnormal reset. Please fix this,
Nothing but problems since the upgrade to ics
Gud
The 6.10.0 update is crashing my HTC Rezound...please fix this.
The 6.10.0 update is crashing my HTC Rezound...please fix this.
Where is the button “My Location“? Where can you see the saved areas?
Whare is layers. Plz fix it...
This app was perfect. As a pizza delivery guy this was my lifeline. Ever since the last update, it refuses to locate where I am at, leaving me in bad standing with my customers!   I uninstalled all the updates, and the performance is still the same. I'm not sure why this started happenening. This has been very frustrating, and I actually have to buy a gos now.
Do not install this update if you have an HTC rezound running ics.  It will crash your phone after 5 seconds every time.
After five seconds of use completely reboots my Htc rezound used to use this app alot now it's unusable please fix
Used to work amazing now it crashes and resets my phone everytime I try to open
Crashes too much
It is not properly work in glaxy-y it is worst update
Says 6.88 mb is really 12 mb they added bloat ware to there download and are not telling you also for all those who get lost without this get the God dam ability  to read a paper map yes I said paper they still make those there not discontinued or nothing tall just to dumb to read it
Everytime I update the maps when I open the app it shuts my phone off. Please fix.
Ive had HTC phones since they came out and have always used maps and never had any problems. I cannot even open it without it crashing my phone since the latest update. This needs to be fixed asap please!!
The update now makes my phone reboot EVERYTIME I use it!!! Use to be my favorite navigation.
Sorry
After its latest update now I don't have option of changing layers, that means I can't take a satellite view ...please improve
Since last week's update my Verizon htc rezound restarts every time I open it. I had to un install to factory settings.
Ever since the 4.0 ice cream sandwich update my phone will restart any time maps is opened. Since google is the developer of both they would have worked these together much better. HTC Rezound  * Tip; uninstalling the update will allow maps to function until Google can get their heads out of their...
My phone now crashes every time with the new updates. Figured out if you uninstall the updates it will work but then why do they keep coming out with new updates?
I use google maps a lot and I mean a lot.  Up until the latest update that is, phone crashes and reboots everytime I try and open the app.  Please fix soon so I can continue to use this app.
New update crashes my phone and resets it about 15 secs into loading maps.  Using HTC  rezound.
The updates have rendered this app completely useless, extremely disappointed.
Latest update REBOOTS HTC phone straight away! Shame on Google! They have heard it from HTC users for over a week, but still have done nothing to fix!! Time to look for a new map application.
Im usin HTC Sensation, after the last verson that i had upgrade, it crash and restart every time when im usin this map and this map is no longer give me the right location from where i am.. hopefully it can be fix soon
Keeps crashing...my phone reboots itself every single time I attempt to use
I used to love this app. Now it crashes and reboots my phone within a minute of opening it. Please fix this...
The worst part is no update has fixed this my touch screen stops working with this app it's unuseable in it's state.
HTC sensation user. App makes my phone to restart. Fix this asap!!!! I use maps for directions frequency and other alternative apps are horrible!
This application is getting too large for not having app2sd capability, taking up a huge chunk of my phone's internal memory. Seriously. app2sd. Get on that.
Crashes every time I attempt to use.  HTC Rezound
The latest update really slows down the navigation. It takes minutes just to load route to navigate. Please fix for DROID RAZR
Latest update causes phone to reboot. App now useless.
Travelled 3500 miles this week.  Distance shows I travelled only 1.1 mile.  FIX THE CUMULATIVE DISTANCE!!  2012/08/17  No cumulative distance travelled anymore.  This was not only useful but fun as well.  New addition of history shows where one travelled inaccurately. Home address now gone.  Since I work from home this is a problem.  Postal code wrong.  Still NO metric which is bad.  Not everyone is American, and others use kilometres.
Phone reboots every time I use maps after the latest update. Hope you fix it soon. I use maps a lot! I'll rate u 5 again after the bug is fixed. Uninstalled update.
I have been yelling at this phone because it keeps auto updating! And everytime it updates, my phone crashes!! And its ridiculous!! Before I upgraded my phone to ice cream sandwich, the map navigation was amazing. After it upgraded, this map app got worse. And the newest update is horrible. FIX IT PLEASE!!
My phone turns off everytime I use google maps ever since the recent update. Not good it was good til now.
Fix the bugs on the new version. Consistently crashes on my htc sensation.
sucks man
Was amazing before the update. Crashes my HTC Rezound every single time I try to open it now.
Every time I'm at home it jumps to me being in Las Vegas when I'm really sitting at my house in south Texas! Then when I'm at work its always off by about a half mile or more every day. What happened to this application???? It used to work perfect!!!
Every time I try to use this app, my phone crashes.. and reboots wtf??? So annoying
Has been wondrfull until that latest update, forces reboot, freezes crashes, on HTC sensation 4g
When opened after few seconds it will crash and send phone into reboot  Known issue
Took a good thing and made it unmanageable. Way too big for a phone app uses way too much memory. The least you could do is make it load the map data on the sd card
I am a all time follower of google in general but what happened with ur New update for this app. Makes my phone crash and restart. PLEASE FIX SOON!!!!!!!!!  -Girl with no sence of Direction
Always crash when I open google maps for a while or looking for navigation.... :(
Don't update this app if you have HTC until the "features" section says "fix for crash problems" or something along those lines. I have HTC rezound.
With this last update It crashes and restarts my phone every time I use this app. Please fix. For the time being I recently downloaded the MapQuest app. I will be using MapQuest  until Google Map corrects this problem.
This update causes consistent reboots. This is unacceptable for any program provider, but it is unforgivable for Google to produce this bad of an update.
Navigation Sucks after update Navigation doesn't show up in the screen as it did before. It shows up as if you're heading backwards or sideways as opp
Faltu app
Stuck in a loading loop for hours. Will not run. Needs fixing.
Every time I try to use Maps it crashes my phone!! Frustrating and useless, pls fix!
Crashes my phone everytime I open the app.  Horrible since last update, fix please.
We setlite view option. Many other tool removed
After the Android 4.0 update on my HTC Rezound, my phone shuts off whenever I try to use Maps :(
Fix it you retards
Sucks without my latitude widget. Please bring it back.
Keeps rebooting my phone when I try and use it. Unable to use it completely.
Since rezound update to ics, this app resets phone when in use.  So now its pretty much useless!
Boring
Useless it reboots every time I open it they need to fix this asap
Latest update 6.10 restarts phone after 30 seconds of usage
Every time I try to use this new updated version my phone reboots .. you need to rethink this one.. not good at all !!
Latest update makes my phone reboot when I try to use it.... Pretty much made the app useless.... Now switched to using Waze.
Crashes and then i have to recharge it all over again
The latest update is no good. It's crashes ever time I try to use it. Don't update your phone.
The new version causes my HTC 4G (running Ice Cream Sandwich) to shutdown and reboot - every darn time. Before the new version was installed I got more practical use out of this app than any other.  I've since uninstalled the new version and am happy running the vintage edition. Seems strange to have Google Maps shut down a Google Android phone every time!?
Terrible restarts my phone all everytime that its opened
If you have an HTC phone, especially one running 4.0.x, this will cause the phone to reboot.  Downgrade to Maps 6.9.2 to solve the issue and disable auto update for this app until they fix the update.
Since the update, my phone restarts every time I ask it to navigate.
Downloaded update ...now phone reboots when ever I'm in maps...phone is HTC rezound
Version 6.10 crashes my HTC Sensation every time I launch the app.
Keeps force closing and freezing up my phone...even when im not using it!!!
Crashes phone everytime and causes if to reboot. Not useful at all.
Everytime I use this app or use the navigation part of it my phone crashes. The phone is a rezound with icecream sandwich. I loved this app never got lost with it I actually packed my TomTom away until the update came out.
After update when I use maps with google location on, my phone will automatically reboot itself. HTC Rezound.
Last update causes my phone to crash and reboot everytime I try to use the app. Do any of you at google actually test these updates before you reak havoc on us. What is wrong with you people.
D@#m this annoying. You have to figure this out.  I have had to uninstall the update in order to use this.  Why?
Updated version crashes my Rezound with ICS. It was working fine before Android 4 and works fine when I uninstall the Maps update.
Latest update crashes my phone after less than 1 min of use. Will wait for next update before changing my rating back to 5 stars.
Every sence the last update my phone rebbots every time I open it
The latest update is completely unusable on my HTC Rezound.  The phone crashes and reboots on every attempt to use Maps.  The Verizon "work around" doesn't work.. please release an update to address this problem immediately.
New update sucks...makes my phone restart all the time, whether I use the navigation feature or not.
Where is "my location" option gone.... .bad update....please fix it...
Not suitable for HTC Sensation, keep on restarting!
I've always enjoyed Maps over any other navigation/map apps since I have used Android. This last update causes my phone to freeze then crash constantly. I have tried uninstalling it, reinstalling it and try using it again, but nothing different. Still crashes. Not using it until problem is fixed.
Omg after the new update my phone restarts automatically when using the map  and gets heated :(
You would think google can be capable of making an app that works. Phone freezes, never able to get a gps conection. App was great till the upgrade.
What happened with this last update? ! ? !
This is s terrible update. Please fix the bug
This was a great app until the update, now when I hit directions my phone reboots.  Please fix!
When I open the app after a minute it restarts my phone and its getting really annoying it started doing this after I updated it please fix this cause I like using the app and I like to continue to use if not ill find another app that will
Less facilities, no widget... so sad...
Labels flicker on and off , tiles flicker from big to small. Wish I could come back to the old one.
Latest update eat my all internal memory as well theres no opt.for satellite view in front option,where it is? Really annoyed by this update...help me how to get prev.update of map
Latest update eat my all internal memory as well theres no opt.for satellite view in front option,where it is? Really annoyed by this update...help me how to get prev.update of map
This update killed the app and made it unusable. Constant crashes!
Unreliable!
What the F#(k! This latest update crashes after moving the map to your current location. Did anyone actually test the the update before pushing it out to the market? I never expected this from Google... As it is, the app doesn't even rate a single star. Fix it quickly....
Takes ages to connect to satellites since recent updates
Previous version was excellent. Latest update with Android 4.0.3 crashes and reboots OS either using Wi-Fi or 4G. Need to be fixed.
My phone crashes everytime I try to use this aplicattion,that sucks....
Each update makes this app less productive. This stinks I now go online to get directions. I can't even get my directions in list form anymore.
Was once an amazing navigation app. Now crashes and causes a reboot every time. Very disappointed
Restarts every time I open it since last update. This app officially blows now. HTC rezound
New update sucks! Makes my phone reboot. What sucks even more is I found out it didn't wrk   when I was lost taking a friend to a job interview
Last three releases on Atrix 4G have broken GPS.  Come on, Google and Motorola, you guys are behaving like a married couple...Not Talking!  Oh yeah, you did get married, should have kept dating only!
I've been using waze since this update - which is rebooting many people's phones. I might not even waste my time coming back.
Everytime I load the app it just crashes and reboots my fone after I did the update...so I had to downgrade to use to avoid crashing
Frequent updates are more than annoying.  It can't even do the job most of the time, and when it does, it takes a very long time to do it.  The route finder is wrong half of the time.  Horrible.
Latest update restarts phone (HTC Rezound) within a couple minutes of starting directions every time. Until then had been a phenomenal app. This problem seems to be limited to this phone model.
The new update made my phone crash and reboot everytime I used it, so I uninstalled it and it takes you back to the old version which work just fine. And then you turn off the automatic update.
New version crashes and closes out every time.
This app is making my phone crash
Thanks google my HTC rezound crashes every time I open maps. Uninstalled latest version everything works fine. Please fix
فين الستلايت ماب
Rezound running ICS crashes when Google Maps opens Google's Navigation app.
After latest update I am completely unable to use Maps, Navigation and other apps that use the maps plugin. Within 30 seconds of starting app crashes my HTC Sensation. Very very annoying have had to uninstall all updates and use base version!
Waste of time i do prefer the old one
Reboots HTC rezound when I open after doing latest update, am on ice cream sandwich
The new update causes my phone to crash over and over when I try to use this app. I had to undo the update and stop it from automatically updating. Please fix this, I rely on this app and need it to work!
Crashes in less than a minute every time.
Used to work, after update it freezes and reboots my phone. Is so frustrating please fix this piece of $h!7...
Can NEVER find my locations!!! I'm so sick of this piece of crap it's ridiculous. Everything was fine until the update. FIX IT GOOGLE get it together!!!
This was my navigation prior to the update which I loved. This application does bout work on HTC rezound. It resets my phone and causes phone to reset n crash after two minutes. This update does not work please fix because I used this application in the past all the time now it doesn't work
New update made maps unusable...SUCKS IT REALLY DOES.
This last update makes my HTC Rezound reboot continuously. Unable to use app at all
For all the rezound owners if it messes up because of new update go to your apps in settings and click and the google maps app and you can uninstall the latest update
I de-installed. Tired of the phone locking up! This ap does not work very well if at all.
Update sucks!  Went back to older version.
Come'on Google. What kind of pre-release tests do you have? My HTC Sensation phone crashed like hell when I used it. I set out for a trip without realizing what this stupid update might have done and oh boy I was so lost! One start not for the app, but for your pre-release tests which leave users stuck in the way.
ever since new update causes my HTC to restart after a few mins use. Obviously a problem with all HTC's. Hurry up and fix it already. Will be finding a new maps today.
Each update makes this app worse
Used to be a good program now it crashes everytime I use it and restarts the phone. Fix it
Seriously guys? Over 8 days since the update and no fix for Rezound users? That's pathetic!
Doesn't work with ICS. Crashes phone.
New update crashes my phone (HTC Droid Incredible 4G LTE) everytime I try to use the app.  This app is effectively useless until they correct the problem...very disappointing.
Latest update crashes all the time... Absolutely useless now... Please fix forthwith... I need it for work... It's now losing me time & money :(
I was using google maps frequently.  After the update, my phone now crashes when using the ap, totally unusable. So stupid. So irritated. Please FIX!!!!
The last updare has made my HTC crash several times a day as well as force closing after a few minutes of map use. Not impressed.
I use this app exclusively with Navigation for gps. The update causes my phone to reboot about two minutes of use. I had to uninstall the update. Otherwise I love the app.
Who's the idiot who screwed up Maps?! Seriously, who changed it so no longer searches contacts as possible destinations, & won't let me avoid highways
Recent update causes phone to restart when using Maps.
Ongoing issues still unresolved after numerous "report problem" submissions. Latest version is even worse than previous. Uninstalled updates. Motorolla Droid X.
The last updated has made this app go down the crapper. Runs real slow and crashes alot. Had to uninstall updates. Until a newer version comes out
Waste of space.
Crap.  They screw it up more and more.  Easier to go back to paper maps than this program.
This used to be a very handy tool. But then the app was updated, along with the software on my phone (Rezound). Between the two it doesn't work now. In fact it forced my phone to shut down three times in one day. Very disappointing.
Cool
This update and the new ICS operating system on my HTC rezound resets the phone after opening the app. Can't allow updates until this is corrected.
With the latest update, the app is unusable.  Phone jus reboots! Please fix!
Every time I try to run the navigation to go some place it crashes my whole phone. As soon as I uninstalled the update it works again.
I just uninstalled the latest version because it would crash every single time and cause my otherwise stable HTC rezound to reboot.  Especially inconvenient since I was on a roadtrip at the time
getting worse with updates. HTC Sensation. Particularly navigation
Resets my phone and signs put of everything...fail
Restarts phone every time I try to open
Crashes on maps, crashes on navigation. Uninstalling. Fix it G! Apparently they are struggling to find a fix....
Rubbish. I can't believe they released it.
Precaching worked great in labs. Now whole european countries are excluded. Uninstalled and reverted to old version. Thanks for nothing google.
It crashes way too much. It's unusable!
Sort the reviews by device for the htc sensation, many people can't use this app since the update.  This is an important app and it is awful how long a fix is taking. This affects the perception of google. Google does not care about the user experience of sensation owners. This has taken to long to fix.  Without google addressing this issue many people are unnecessarily flashing new roms because of a bad update.  The fix is an old version of maps. Hope this helps
Why does this app need SO many permissions? Wish I could uninstall!
No layers, no my location button, update is grade F. App worked well 2 years ago. Now it's nothing special at all. It has declined in usefulness and performance so the current devs need more work than the app itself.
New update causes phone to restart everytime I use it. I had to uninstall all of the updates to use this app. PLEASE FIX THIS OR I'M BUYING AN IPHONE 5!!!!
Won't run without crashing phone.
App always crashes and restarts the phone. Completely worthless now, please fix ASAP. There isn't a feature that works properly now.
Needs an update badly, continually crashing on my sensation within minutes :(
New update make my phone crash and restart
Reboots and reboots can use.
Crashes and makes phone shutdown and restart when I try to use it. Hope they fix app soon.
Crashes everytime I open it
Like everyone with a Sensation I'm having the same problem. After a couple minutes my phone crashes. Please fix ASAP
I can search for a place and it just thinks...and thinks...
Since Aug 16th update... It crashes. PLEASE FIX. Had to uninstall update. Going on vacation next week... Hope its fixed by then :-(
The latest update makes my phone turn off by itself everytime I try use it.
Very reliable until the latest update. Had to reset my phone to get back to the previous release. Not going to update until this is fixed.
Phone restarts itself every time I use it. Every time. Everrrryyy time. I was using this for work. Thanks for screwing me another way Verizon/htc. F... you.
While I love the GPS this app shutsdown after being open for more than 2 min on my HTC Rezound. Please fix this issue, otherwise its a great app
Have attempted the latest update twice, both times it crashes the phone. Uninstalled the update; works fine. HTC Rezound.
Where did the latitude widget go?  Perhaps my most used widget and it is gone...  wish I could issue negative stars!
Don't install on HTC Sensation. Uninstalled update and now back working.
That's all it does now with v. 6.10.0...crash.  Maps is one of those things that you know you can count on. Not any more, it is completely unusable. There are some links on the web to install 6.9.2 but you'll need to turn off auto updating or you'll end up in same sitch later.
Since latest update after a minute of use it makes my device reboot. Fix this please! It's absolutely useless in this state!
Cant get layers option has been removed off.. Cant switch to latitude thru maps .. Has been removed ? Whats new section should be like " all the necessary features have been removed " simply hate it now. Observed thatits not being able to get the update compatible to my phone galaxy fit only
My phone crashes every time I use this version of Google maps.
Bang my butt!
Just installed update and my Samsung note phones gone haywire,frozen,inaccurate location etc so Ive uninstalled the update. But its also changed the latitude symbol and lost my latitude friends. Not happy.
All the update does is shut down my phone.   Don't install it if you have HTC
Won't stop randomly rebooting within the first 3 minutes of use. Makes it useless imo. Htc sensation.
Ever since the new updates and my Rezound on v4.0 ice cream sandwich, the app always crashes after inputting the addresses. Not acceptable!
Nightmare since last update.Crashes every 30 seconds on HTC Sensation making unusable.DO NOT download if you have this handset.Developers please fix
Latest update is causing HTC Rezound and probably other Android phones to reboot every time maps is opened and you try to get directions and move around on the map.    Fix it yesterday please
Terrible update crashes phone every time I use it. It was great why the changes?
Crashes and reboots my phone everytime I use the new updated version of maps.
Please undo whatever it is you did with the last update. This is constantly crashing my phone now. Completely unusable at the moment. Seriously Google, sort it out.
The newest update causes the app to crash and reset my phone every time I use it (htc sensation ex) Pretty useless. I used to use it all the time for my job but will look elsewear now! Thanks google!
Was the best ever but now it just restarts my phone! Stop doing useless updates and do things we want like look for different routes before nav starts!
Google fibbing the #'s?? Of the 117k one star reviews and 50k two star reviews: if you pull up reviews and sample...of the 50-60 or so recent reviews that pull up automatically, <20 are ONE STAR and about 15 being two star. Total 5 star reviewed about 1.3M; we G-users are to think a 50% 1 or 2 star reviews don't sample-up consistently? Let's wake up fellow stupid G-users (and G-velopers). Please, do no harm AND BE HONEST. Oh, inaccuracy a big problem (still).
Google made android.  Google made Google Maps.  Random rebooting has ruined this app.
I have an HTC sensation 4G. This app crashes my phone every time I use it.
Because of the new update, whenever I try to use Google maps it just crashes my phone.  Wish I could go back to a previous version.
After the last update it note only crashes, but restarts my phone.  Fix it!!!!!!!!  HTC rezound
I used to love using this app for navigation, but now it just makes my phone reboot, which makes the app impossible to use.
Phone crashes all the time and restarts. Unusable :-(
Update is crashing my HTC Rezound.
It used to be an awesome appkication until the last update, whenever I open it, it simply crashes and my phone restarts Plz fix for 5 stars
Latest update crashes my phone and forces a reboot.
I use an HTC Sensation running ICS. Google maps is an integral part of my phone and its usefulness to me. So when this update turned out to have a massive bug I was really p***ed off. Now maps has a 100 million + download count so I have to wonder how many users have this problem 2 million, 5 million more? Please fix this asap or at least update the info for this app and let us know when we can expect a fix.
I am using this app from the beginning and have seen its changes. This app is really good until recent update.  I have HTC sensation with Android 4.0.3 and HTC sense 3.6. I recently updated google map and its not working any more.  Every time I open the app, it does open but after few seconds my phone gets rebooted. I even tried to uninstall it but no success.  Please fix this issue.
After last update which allows offline maps has made the phone crash. I have deleted the offline maps but it still crashes.
CRASHES ON HTC. UNUSABLE. Also I like the old zoom feature
Very useful easy to use and use it often in conjunction with navigation. However I don't know why it force closes every time, very very frustrating please fix
Using this updated version causes a reboot on the HTC Rezound.  Very disappointed as I use this app frequently.
This thing crashes on me and reboots phone just searching for something.  Also I have to reboot a second time to get either bluetooth or data back up and running.  GOOGLE FIX THE ISSUE!!!!!!
KEEPS CRASHING ON REZOUND. WORKS FOR FIVE SECONDS THEN SHUTS MY PHONE OFF! SO FRUSTRATING. Ever since the automatic update yesterday this app shuts off my phone. I am traveling right now and depend on it, unfortunately I can't depend on it. It was fine before the software update yesterday.
Used to work great. Latest update causes the phone to reboot. Had to uninstall all updates just to use. Please fix.
It was working up until this update! Crashing and restarting HTC Sensation, was forced to uninstall all updates to get rid of it to get back a working version.
Google, you most certainly has seen the negative comments, you are aware of the bug that leads to constant reboots. So why don't go and fix it, or at least provide a rollback for users affected? Google Maps is an excellent service, don't taint its name.
Work great before update now it keeps resetting my phone.
HTC phone. Update makes phone crash every time try and use app. Used to love google maps.
The 6.10.0 l Has the same menu as a Maps e.g. in a HTC Desire, but misses the bar on the top of the screen. Therefore these upper-bar functions that used to be in the menu on Samsung Galaxy Y are missing. Please fix it ASAP. Also, I liked the previous version's make it offline method.
Can't even open it without the phone rebooting.sine my os is made by google(albeit with sense overlay...but still) you would think a program by them shouldn't crash their own os... Is be rather embarrassed if I were them. To anyone having this issue,uninstall the update and uncheck auto update for maps as a temp fix
since the last update, everytime I use maps, my rezound restarts! before it was great,. Google,  fix it soon!
Latest update causes constant crashes
Causes my resound to crash and reboot every time I use it I uninstalled it and reinstalled the old version. Needs more work boys and girls
Had to uninstall the updates because its crashed 4 out of 5 times
I cant find satelite view in new version so i cant locate my sely exsactly :-(
Both Maps and Navigation constantly crash and reboot Android after running for less than a minute. This never used to happen but now the app is completely unusable. Running current official ICS + HTC Sense.
This is a crap now... No latitude and option for,my locaTion.. not fair...
Google maps was great until last update crashes every time I open it now and I need it constantly
Phone restarts every time I go into the app after most recent update. HTC rezound with android 4.0 ICS
Every time Navigation is used after downloading the 6.10 update the entire phone restarts.
Used to work great, ever since update, map completely unreliable.
The August 16th update crashes on some HTC phones like Rezound and Sensation. This is especially true when using the turn by turn navigation. After 2 - 5 minutes of navigation, the phone will reboot. Many people are having this problem.   Uninstalling and going back to the previous version works for now. (Be sure to turn off auto-update.)  According to the google-group page, they are aware and working to gather information around the problem. No word yet on an updated version to fix this problem.   I'll update my rating of this application to 5-stars when they update the software so that it works correctly again.
IF I COULD GIVE LESS THAN 1 STAR - I WOULD!!!!    UPDATE - CRASHES MY PHONE EVERY TIME, HTC Rezound - Uninstalled!!!!!
I update the map and now its crashing often. It cause turning off phone and sometime with full network say signal lost. Really need improvement.
Ever since I installed the map update my cell phone reboots so I uninstalled and now I have no problem now update is jacked up
since last maps update, droid x phone is accurate with gps & wi-fi, to the bedroom i'm in but latitude on pc shows over a mile off. before update, both  phone & pc were dead on.  2nd tier verizon t/s had no explanation.
please fix this crashing issue for HTC..-__-
Since the last update, launch Google maps and after about 3 minutes whole phone crashes and restarts... Please look into this lovely google developers and sort it out... HTC sensation XE running ics
I can't even use maps right now. If I open it and just let it sit there for a minute it'll reset my phone. I know its this app that does that because its happened only on maps. Pointless app as for now. Fix! rezound ics
Ever since the lastest update, my Droid Rezound always resets every time I select a search result. Please fix.
The update doesnt work on my phone....
Since update crashes my ics rezound, my friends ics razr and my gfs ics DROID 4, needs to be fixed asap
On HTC sensation
This app has always worked perfectly up until the most recent update. About a minute After launching Maps or Navigation, it crashes and restarts my phone.
My phone Sensation XE is restarted all the time when I try open this App, would u please fix this bug a soon is possible, thx.
Would give Google Maps a rating of 0 if I could because I can't use it! Since the latest update, my HTC Rezound will reboot after a few seconds of use. I was part way to my destination when the phone rebooted..............while I was driving! Very dangerous situation! After reading forums, I have uninstalled the updates and it seems to working. PLEASE FIX !
Still have some bugs. Cached offline map disappears to my list after opening the app several times so i have to download again and again and again and again. Fix this issue pls. Im using 2.3.6 gingerbread.
I loved the app until the latest update. Whenever it finishes searching for my location, it reboots my phone! I'm one of the many HTC users with this issue. Please fix!
Force closes every time I open the app...never had a problem prior to the ice cream sandwich update...very disappointed, can't even use.
Crashes and forces my phone to re-start every time I run it. HTC sensation xe.
Please please fix navigation for Android 4.0.  Since my phone upgraded to the new os it reboots every time I use the navigation..... HUGE PROBLEM !!!!!  HTC Rezound
Updated version work poor.
This app used to be great, but since the last update, I can't use it for more than a minute which is incredibly annoying, as it keeps resetting my phone.  Please..............SORT IT OUT!!!!!!!
Latest update causes HTC phones to reboot upon starting navigation. Needs fixing. Will change rating when massive bug is fixed.
when i update the google map the navigation start crashed on HTC SENSATION when i used before updated the navigation work good
Since last update it causes my phone to reboot everytime seconds after app is launched. Had to remove all updates. Please fix.
Used to be an awesome app. Now phone just reboots after opening since ICS update is on Rezound. Please fix!
New update for HTC Rezound sucks! Runs less than a minute then my phone reboots.
Newest update crashes my Rezound. Please fix!
Now i can't save maps for offline navigation. That is frustrating.
This latest version (August 16, 2012) crashes my phone. Every time I open Maps my phone reboots. Uninstalling it now.
I upgraded now the GPS does not work and neither my phone. Always rebooting my phone.
Restarts my phone. Really irritating. Was one of my favorite and most useful aps...
Used to work great but since the new version it now crashes within 20 seconds of opening every time I try to use it. Hope google fix this quickly :-(
unable to see satelite view and unable to change layer in  this new version
Latest update causes this app to restart my phone every time I try to use it. It's bull
The new version 6.10 makes my phone restart when I run maps. Any ideas on why this is happening? HTC Rezound running ICS.
Constantly crashing my HTC sensation and no sign of either a new version or roll back to an older working version.
I used to use this app, along with google navigate, all the time but since the last update both have become useless. Everytime I try to open either my phone (Sensation) freezes, crashes then reboots itself. Please sort this out.
Another HTC user stuffed by the 6.10 update. Rollback failed, so bye bye maps until you sort this out
It's making my phone CRASH since the update!!!! Evvery time I open it! Please please fix
On the HTC resound the new update makes the app unusable. It also forces the phone to restart. That aside, this app used to be amazing.
Wada wonderful app...then updated it and it now crashes HTC phones...so can't use app...finding it hard to tell right company that it doesn't work...other have same issue...but are they fixing it...just don't know!!
The new upgrade freezes and restarts my HTC Rezound every time I try to use it. Needs to be fixed.
After the update my htc sensation is forced to reboot every time I use the map. Please help!
It become useless after update
Worked great till this update. Now I enter the address, hit enter and it restarts my phone. Awesome.
App is now useless !  Why isn't it fixed by now ?  It won't work on Rezound anymore .
My HTC Rezound running ICS constantly crashes and reboots if the app is loaded. Can't use it on WiFi. Can't use it mobile. Like many others I've uninstalled all updates and can use it just fine. Back to using it daily.
Maps has not been able to pinpoint my location is a long time. Its not even close anymore.
August 16 update consistently crashes (restarts) HTC Rezound running ICS about 45 seconds after launching maps or navigation. Had to uninstall all updates to get it to work.
More than a week have passed and still no fix. Please fix it! When I start maps and latitude, phone crashes and restarts after a few seconds.
Crashes, overheats the sensation xe. Not good.
New update makes app restart my phone every time- HTC rezound. Please fix!
Don't install this update if you have an HTC Rezound. It will cause your phone to restart every time you use Maps or associated apps like Places and Navigation.
For no reason having the app open will restart my phone. Big problem, would be 5 stars.
Causes the Rezound to reboot. This is a known issue with this version. Please fix it!
Don't have app at it looks in screenshots.
Useless......
Where did the search nearby option go?
Where did the search nearby option go?
Worked fine until latest update now DOESNT WORK, just a white screen,  Cheers google
This used to be brilliant but after the last update causes phone to restart
Every time you open this app it just crashes your phone.....shocking....uninstalled and phone back to normal.
after latest update, my phone restarts every time I open this application. Until its fixed I do not recommend this.
when the hell is google going to fix the current crash issues we're having with the new updates on the Rezound? Seems like our whole Android community is having issues with it and Google is just brushing it off.
Wtf? The new version was causing my phone rebooting problem after few minutes each time i opened it. Whats wrong ?!
New update crashes my phone.
Keeps crashing since update, my phone reboots each time
This app freezes and shuts down unexpectedly.
As i update my map its strted prob. Like as i strt my new updated map my phn gets restart evry time... M using htc sansation ...
Always crashes n reboots. Hate this update, worthless app. Hopefully they resolve the issue quick
New app is crashing my phone
You put out an update for maps two weeks ago and ever since I can only use it for 5 seconds and then it shuts off my phone!! It's absolutely ridiculous. Please don't put an update out if it makes the app unuseable.
Since recent update, as with many other users, when Maps is opened, the phone crashes. Very annoying when you get lost and your phone crashes.
Phone keeps on reseting when Google maps is opened. Please fix, HTC sensations
It worked fine untill I installed the last update and now i can not open satellite view
Do not install. I loved this application but since the update it crashes my Sensation every time I use it. Sort it out Mr Google....
It used to work great. Now my blue arrow points which every way it wants!! It's so flipping confusing now!!!!!!!!
SdssaaxdesswzszwazAalalaaaaaaaaalllalqalallllllolllllaàÀ2sßá2qwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwsàqaaàaaäSSzs§zzzAqqà1dfctaqaaqqsdseeeeeedswweewwaaaaaawwAaqqqqwwwawwwwwqswasqqqwwwwwwwwwwwwwwss§dwwswwasswwaw1q1wwzawaaaaadffrccdcrawwwwwwaassqssasteaàwasqwwsqqswswwweeew§ßeewsaaaserwqaaaaeasswsw
this new update makes my htc sensation crash! please fix it, its my favorite app , i use it almost every day.
Since the update it crashes my phone every time I open google maps. Uninstalled the update until the issue is resolved
I was out of town when I got the update for google maps 6.10.0 and when I tried to get home all it would do is reboot my phone! A once dependable app is now garbage on my Verizon rezound! FIX IT VERIZON SHOULD HAVE TESTED IT A LITTLE LONGER!
I've been trying to add a friend for 3 days. I can't add him and he's not able to add me. When we click on the links, they open the app but won't allow us to add. Plus, all of my friends have stale locations. I can't do anything except for view myself. Terrible issues with app!
the app used to work fine until the latest update. alternative navigation/ location app give accurate locations & coordinates but maps is way off the mark....sometimes up 2km off.....so now i cant blame hardware. Its quite surprising tho considering that this is an app built by or atleast affiliates of the android OS developer.
I recommend NOT installing the update of maps released on Aug. 18 on HTC phones. I have a Verizon Rezound with ICS, not rooted or otherwise messed with and have experienced the same reboot issues many other Verizon HTC owners have been experiencing. I removed all updates and tried it...no more reboots. Google help was worthless. They had me reinstall and I had the same issue. Removed updates again and waiting, wondering when this will be fixed??!! It has been a week now...WTF???
Newest update forces my ReZound to restart, making app worthless. Shame, 'cause I use it constantly and like it better than Ford Sync. You fix app, I will fix my rating!
I have to agree with many, latest update is garbage. App is now too slow to be useful. I can't even get area maps to load - all I see are thick, fuzzy lines. No use at all. Does anyone test apps before releasing new versions? I can't believe so in this case. Now looking for viable mapping alternatives. Poor effort, google.
It keeps rebooting my phone and there is no way to uninstall!  I uninstalled the updates yesterday only to find this morning it did an automatic update! Ughhh!  Going to uninstall the updates AGAIN and see if I can prevent this from auto updates! Using HTZ Rezound ICS 4.0
It keeps rebooting my phone and there is no way to uninstall!  I uninstalled the updates yesterday only to find this morning it did an automatic update! Ughhh!  Going to uninstall the updates AGAIN and see if I can prevent this from auto updates! Using HTZ Rezound ICS 4.0
The latest update causes my phone to restart!
Keeps crashing on my Motorola ATRIX 3g please fix
Ruined since last update. Cant get rid of my routes. Please fix as this is a brilliant app
where are the layers
After the update, my HTC Rezound restarts my phone Everytime I go to use the app!!!!! Fix it!!!!
I used this religiously until this latest update.  Now when I get directions, my phone reboots.  I had to uninstall all updates just to use it. Please fix.
Whenever i try to update to new version it says package file invalid. Is there anything i can do?
Latest version crashes HTC Sensation.
This app was perfect until the firmware on my rezound updated. Now the app restarts my phone after it opens. Soo sad.
Fix problem with htc sensation please.
Latest version crashes my HTC sensation 4G. Had to uninstall update to be able to use phone. Google please fix the bugs. Thank you
HTC Sensation reboots immediately I start Google maps  navigation and few minutes after opening Google maps...have been very happy with Google maps...but this latest update...its useless nd I need need maps like everyday.....plz fix plz...nd please make it movable to SDCard....I wil give you 6 stars
Shuts down phone when I use navigation. HTC Rezound
Turns off my phone or freezes my phone
Had to uninstall the latest update. It causes my phone to reboot when Maps is being used. No reboots after removing updates. HTC Rezound
Last update made my phone rebooting when opening google map for a minute. Please fix it.
HTC sensation xe: latest update crashes phone causing it to freeze and reset. This can happen straight away, or any time in the next few minutes after using the app. It has cut off important phone calls and reset the phone at very inopportune moments. I've uninstalled latest versions until this is fixed.
Doesn't work
My mobile gets restarted every time I use maps so disappointed in it
For some reason, I think  GMaps works better on BlackBerry then Android. I simply get lost using GMaps on my Android phone.
Please fix. Had to uninstall  Htc sensation 4g
HTC rezound restarts when using direction button , help me
GPS is way off, by miles. Hunts for my location, tries 5 times and each one is worse than the one before. Used to work before update. By the way, Android 4.0 stinks, huge disappointment.
This update crashes my phone whenever I use it.
Worked great until last update, was a 5 star now a 0 star. I had to uninstall back to previous version of maps because it keeps shutting down and restarting my phone. The old version still works great but the new update as of 8/16/2012 STINKS!!!
since update, my location is wrong, and my phone now crashes when I use the app.
crashes with HTC
Since the update. My phone reboots after 15 seconds Thought updates were supposed to make a program run better! Ya'll need to fix it PRONTO!! This was a VERY good app before! Git er done folks!!
Maps unusable with my HTC Sensation continual crashes
It use to work great but now it is awful. The directions are SO far off and are no longer accurate. I am really disappointed that I can no longer rely on this app.
Works on and off. Mostly off.
The latest maps suck big time. The app kept crashing my phone! Grrrrr... Uninstalling after this!
Can't see the layer option anywhere....please fix it. The previous version is good.
Htc sensation restarts soon after opening latest Maps. Of course I was on holidays when the update came. Uninstalled to original version.
I have the HTC Rezound. Between the new map update and phone update, I can't even use the map app. I can open it but shortly after my phone goes into restart mode. Pretty annoying and very inconvenient! Guess I gotta find something else. This needs a fix FAST!
Does not support navigation in Bulgaria! That is a basic feature. Lack of hi res maps.
Causes OS to reboot once Maps is running. Had to roll back from 6.10 to 6.9 (got 6.9 .apk from iapktop) in order to have a functioning Maps app. Please fix this quickly as Maps is the main reason I ever moved to Android
The last update keeps rebooting my phone when I use it!
One of my all time favorite apps. However this latest update renders my HTC useless. It keeps crashing my phone. Had to disable it zero stars. Google address and fix the problem.
Keeps crashing my phone after it closes
Why google latitude doesn't work, it was happend after new google map update. From 17 august Why google latitude doesn't work, it was happend after new google map update. From 17 august
Why google latitude doesn't work, it was happend after new google map update. From 17 august Why google latitude doesn't work, it was happend after new google map update. From 17 august
Worse then older version. Hopeless. Plz degrade it.
Dont work on HTC sensation 4G keeps crashing phone had to delete it
The last update makes my phone restart Update:this app still crashes my mobile Update:pls fix it I cant use it anymore. It blows up the phone
It's terrible ...
Unable to utilize, after about 10 secs it restarts my mobile. Not happy.
Restarts phone and crashes with new update.... Of corse I find that out when I'm on the highway to a place I've never been before.. PLEASE FIX! HTC Sensation ICS
Google maps are great apart from the latest update, it causes the phone to crash. What little time I got to use it before it crashes it looks good but after 1 minute the phone resets. Google please fix this very soon as a lot of people need maps.
My Sensation with latest firmware reboot itself after several seconds on latitude? Will rate 5 as it help so much, but after it was fixed. Thanks Google
Unfortunately since the last update the program is no longer useable.  It crashes the sensation xe frequently causing the phone to reset.
Restarts my phone when I search maps everytime, HTC rezound
WHY DOES THIS NOT WORK OFF LINE?!?!?!
Non compatible with HTC since: cause restart of the phone
After last update it keeps on a,crashing my phone...sort it out google
1. Takes very long time to show the root for navigation.  2. Not recalculating the root automatically if we change the root. Nokia maps is better for this
Newest update (8-17-2012)made my HTC sensation crash every time I run google map. Please fix this
Crashes my HTC sensation following latest update, consistently
Its so sad that i had to dump all the updates,Im down to bare bones original Maps and it gets me to where im going.Shame it got too big My phone would just shut down. Evernote has a widget that lets you keep 3/4 of the App. on SD card, why cant that be done. Maps is terrific if you had a phone just for that App. ITS HUGE & keeps getting bigger.  Saved from going in the wrong direction so many times.
With each update, Maps became slower and slower to use.  With this latest update, I can't change any layers or log in to latitude because they haven't designed it to work for my Samsung Galaxy Pro anymore. :/
It never showed my correct location for once. Unimaginable is this that variation on my location is more than 300 km. still the same after 6 months or so.
Crashes htc sensation when using maps, also usually crashes when exiting maps
Your latest update has made Google maps unusable it keeps chrashing & resetting my phone, I had used it all the time please fix :(
Error-insufficient storage available. I didn't get it, at all.
I have a HTC aria. Latitude doesnt work all anymore.
All good up the automatic installation of the new update. I have an HTC sensation AMD everytime I use google maps or navigation the phone restarts. Sort it out google!!!!
Was working fine until the most recent update. Every time I open the map now my phone crashes and restart
This update reboots the phone evrytime I tried using it with or wothout the gps on. Had to uninstall the update. Htc Rezound
Remains an excellent navigation tool. New version looks really good but constantly crashes on my HTC Sense. Have uninstalled new version and previous version now works fine.
In stock and cooked roms, make my HTC sensation xe crash. Two times needed to reinstall rom. Bullshit. I'm still using 6.9.9
Force restart on HTC when searching anything worked great before update, reinstalled system to make sure it was the app, used to be my fav, Confirmed on second HTC
Se ainainen kitinä. Hyvin jänniä reitti valintoja,en uskaltaisi tämän kanssa tuntemattomalle pätkälle. Jatkan tyytyväisenä iGOta käyttäen. nyt tämä ei suostu ottamaan GPS signaalia käyttöön 4 laitetta kokeillut.
Update causes reboot.
The latest update for Google Maps messes up my phone. I don't think this update is made for the rezound. Everytime I try to use Google Maps or Navigation it reboots my phone.
Just read the update features n thought its gonna be a cool app...then think again...yes its a cool app with super features like no route recalculate, doesn't show the exact location ,and the best feature of all the, phone crashes with in 2mins and restarts...bloody hell..
It was one of the worst apps I have ever used every time I open the app on my phone crush
Used to be the best app on android, but since the last update, has been crashing whenever used...
No voice guided navigation
I have an htc sensation and ever since the latest update, my phone resets after a minute of using the app...
Usually i do not bother to rate apps but after my favourite app start crashing i had to express my frustration. After last update from Google each time I want to use GM is restarting my phone! Now looking for alternative...
Ever since the update I have never been able to keep a lock on the GPS. This app is working well off until this update Google please fix!!!
Older version was best.... Its So harrashing.... Dont update plzz...
I installed the new update and everytime I us the app. My phone crashes. Please fix! I'm not happy.
Please fix
My HTC sensation was working perfect until this update. My phone lags now and random restarts itself. Or it turns itself completely off. Please fix it.
Reboots my rezound, will give back 5 stars once fixed, used to be awesome app!
keeps crashing my phone
The new update is very glitchy on HTC sensation please fix asap can't find addresses and keeps restarting my phone
Horrible always crashes am always reporting this app
Too much Space and kills battery life when im not even using it!
What happened Google? The current version crashes my HTC Sensation - going by all the other comments this is a problem for all HTC phones. Please fix ASAP as I use my phone as my only source of navigation.
Force to stop on HTC. My phone will restart everytime I use it within 5 minute.
Used to be amazing last update made it horrible it takes like 10 minutes to find my position even with gps and wifi enabled
Gps has become absolutely horribe.  Most of the time all i get is gps searching and when it does locate me driving down intetstate it shows i am driving on one of the side roads.  Gps nav has become totally unusable to me
Crashes phone after being open for about a min.  Phone reboots... Happens on both rezounds I have.  I rolled back to the original google maps that was preloaded on my phone.
Will change review when bug with HTC Rezound is resolved.
Navigation takes years to pick up gps...like it doesn't pick up til I'm almost there...across town...gee...fix it...
Horrible makes my phone restart all the time I open the app!!! I want the version before this new one back!!!
I learn that if u uninstall the newest update it works just find don't crash my rezound anymore hope Google fixes the problem soon tired of being told I have an update
It was working fine with older version.. Screen options like My Places,  Search got disapeared after update. Fix it as soon as you can.. Else u deserve only one star.
I updated the app abd lost my friends! I can't get them back on neither. I tried installing the update and it still didn't work.  Dont updated any apps cause all you seem to get is problems!
Everytime I try and search or just leave it on for a brief minute, my phone automatically restarts every single time. HTC Rezound
This used to be the greatest app ever and now it doesn't even work. Using maps somehow means a forced reboot. Whatever. It also keeps telling me to drive in a circle or take wrong turns.
$@zz#!!@@E@Zze#wesz
Since the latest update my phone crashes when loading directions every time.... Please fix
This update makes reboot the phone everytime I use the app.I soon I uninstall the update ir works fine.
Latest update crashing everytime I try to navigate on ice cream sandwich. This causes my phone to reboot rending maps totally unusable. Please fix
What happened with the reviews. They are totally useless now. 0/3 for good reviews. How does that work?  Broken again. Directions do not load. Only the line on the map gets drawn.
I was extremely happy with this application, but the last update was awful and application is not working which causes to crash and restart on my phone every time I open it. H t c sensation 4 g
Won't work since phone updated, then again what does?!! Keeps restarting my phone. Everything is crashing & I thought this new ice cream sandwich was gonna be good...its awful!!!!! Even google+ won't work...major glitch!! HTC rezound
Loved it until the most recent update.  Reboots my entire phone every time I try to use it.  Had to uninstall all map updates and take it back to factory just to be able to use it all.  Fix this and it will be 5 again.
Latest update ALWAYS causes HTC Rezound to restart after a few seconds. Definitely a device specific problem. Every Rezound in Verizon store did exactly the same thing. GPS nav does the same thing too.
Latest update ALWAYS causes HTC Rezound to restart after a few seconds. Definitely a device specific problem. Every Rezound in Verizon store did exactly the same thing. GPS nav does the same thing too.
The latest update right now, keeps restarting my phone when I click the navigate icon after entering an address. I had to uninstall all updates for it to run stable.
Somewhere along the lines, this app lost the ability to zoom in close. This is a crippling defect. Reverted to 6.9.0.
the update has not worked properly.
A few seconds after opening Google Maps my phone restarts.  Many people have experienced this same problem with their Rezound phones.  I had to uninstall this update.  Google, please fix this, I love your maps.
A few seconds after opening Google Maps my phone restarts.  Many people have experienced this same problem with their Rezound phones.  I had to uninstall this update.  Google, please fix this, I love your maps.
Wtf happened Google? Do you read these comments from all these HTC users?? This update has a nice icon that's it. All it does is reboot me and my wife's Sensations.
Updates are not compatible with the HTC rezound. I use this app more than anything else on my phone. Very unfortunate. Wish developers could fix this
Latest version Doesnt work with HTC Rezound, keeps shutting phone off then on.
Worked great until this latest update. Causes my phone to continually reboot when trying to use the app.  Stock Rezound with the ICS update.
Latest update was major disaster.  Causes phone to reboot when searching, or just about anything.  have to back out last update until its corrected.  Its absolutely useless, problem for all HTC phones with no word from google.  They should back this out until fixed
Reboots my phone with use. Frustrating when you really need it.
T-Mobile Htc sensation reboots after map upgrade and in use had to uninstall the upgrade
Just did a full wipe of all data on phone and reinstalled all apps. Still crashes. HTC Rezound
Since new update it won't tell me where anyone is. Please fix lg doubleday
After the update it crashes everytime I try to use it. Gives me directions then restarts my htc rezound!
With the new update this app has become useless. If I open it within 10 seconds it forces my phone to restrart. Probably should've tested before releasing it.
Everytime I try to start the app it resets my phone! Google.  Fix this ...I need you!
Phone reboots constantly with the new Maps version installed. I had to install a system error log viewer just to figure out Maps was the culprit. Until they can confirm this is fixed, DO NOT UPDATE THIS APP!
Loved this app before I installed the upgrade.  Now everytime I open it, my phone goes through the restart screens.  The upgraded app is completely non-functional on the ReZound. Very frustrating considering how often I used it before.  Anyone know if there's a way to go back to the older version?
This app use to be good, until I upgraded it. Then it would keep glitching and didn't work properly.
Update crashes and power cycles my rezound
If you have Rezound with ICS do not upgrade to this version. Please fix. I miss my Google Maps
Worked fine until recently. Latest version causes phone to reset after a few seconds while in navigator.  Useless until this is fixed.
HTC rezound reboots every time I use this app. This used to work great and I used it all the time. Please fix GOOGLE!!!!
Like many others, and the latest version just makes my HTC Sensation crash. Have had to uninstall all updates to make it work. Will wait for the next release before updating again.  Very surprised they released it in this state, and surprised they haven't fixed it yet.
From Steve , the "updated" version restarted my HTC phone every time I tried to use it. dumped the flawed update. using the proven older version. Google should test AND certify an update actually work and on what platforms. Verizon is one of your better mass clients, you dist them on this.
Latitude and GPS NOT WORKING!! New update sucks! Please fix
Far exceeds expectations given the limitations of a smartphone, BUT TOO BIG! And no option to move to SD card. Accidentally updated to latest version but really regretting it as 6mb bigger - now will have to dump apps as my phone is dying. SHRINK IT GOOGLE!
The latest update causes a hard fault and reboots my phone.  The navi app with the latest update also crashes similarly like a malware!!  Also happens to other people in the forums using the Rezound phone.  Please fix or we'll be lost and stranded!!
Always locks up/freezes phone operation, need to force close, even then it's still operating in the back ground draining battery, not a good app
Everytime it updates to the newest version of my phone turns it completely off fail. Old version works perfect
With this update I have two maps running. WHY?
It force to restart the phone
Reboots a rezound after about five seconds.
Causes HTC resound to restart every singl use...
Maps now makes phone restart HTC sensation xe will be going back to old version for now till fix
Ever since the last update, every time I try to use this app it restarts my phone. Never did this on older builds. No other app does this.
update sucks
Lucky me that I have not update yet. LOL.
Phone gets really hot and the only way to stop that is to kill this app.
Stop sending me this same stupid update! You already know it is not compatible w/ Resound's Ice Cream Sandwich! So fix this sh** already! Ri-effing-diculous!
As everyone has complained already, this update from 16/ago resets our phones after fees minutes of Maps usage. NEED A URGENT FIX!
My location is way off...
Most recent update causing HTC resound to shut down and restart....poor push
I love google and was my go to for directions... until the last update. The latest update takes up so much memory, street view is now seperate and its crashes my phone with every single use! Please fix this!! Such a waste!
Maps used to be one of my top 5 Android app but the latest update (august, the 16th) is just horrible : now the app is absolutely unstable and makes my HTC Sensation reboot constantly. Please fix this and I'll give 5 stars again.
Latest version makes my phone restart everytime. Had to uninstall update and set back to factory version and had to turn off auto update. Way to test yr software Google!
How have you not fixed this? Crashes every time - HTC Sensation. Used to be amazing, now worse than useless, actually harmful.
Was a great app, now crashes every time even on WiFi. Please fix it. HTC Rezound
This newest version of the maps app is giving my Sensation 4G running 4.0 fits. It constantly freezes and restarts. This version is totally unusable on the Sensation 4G. I had to uninstall it and go back to an older version, which runs just fine.
Too bad there's no option to give 0 stars this app crashes everytime on my htc sensation it used to work fine before but since the last update I have  never been able to use it.
I use this app daily and ever since the update it crashes my phone every time. Fix it now I need this for my work!
I'm using Samsung pocket, after update google map I found that main toolbar's lost.I can't pick any layers or look for my place. So, I have to uninstall it and back to older versionand hope for bug fix for this problem.
Crashing within ten seconds of opening the navigation or maps uninstalled this update and went back to the old map and fixed it I would love to use this updated version but can't rely on it I am a first responder and firefighter and use my phone for navigation a lot and have to use a reliable map please fix so I can respond to emergencies with better and more reliable response times
On HTC phones, the update crashes and causes constant reboots. Google needs to pull this update and repost the last version until it's fixed. Was this even tested?
Needs work on navigation needs better warnings for turns... Not a bad app though.. :-)
What's new:  Traffic layer (and other layers) removed from Maps (it's in Navigation, which is ugly and beta and buggy). Latitude completely screwed up, sharing is disabled by default and you cannot turn it back. Latitude widget has been removed completely without any notice. Latitude friends are missing.  I don't even know how this piece of crap passed through QA.
I use Google Maps for everything (depend on it) but ever since the new update it causes my phone to freeze and restart whenever I attempt to use Maps or Navigation. Luckily I figured out that if I click uninstall and uncheck update automatically it goes back to the original version I know and love. I hope this problem gets fixed soon so I can be up to date but till then the old version will do. :) hope this helps everyone who has this problem.
Rebooting rebooting and more rebooting... This is my favorite map app.... Please fix!
Ever since the last update my phone restarts every time I try to look up directions. HTC Rezound
Hopefully they'll put out a fix soon
Constantly crashes on me... Please help to fix.
Latest update causes the phone to restart, please fix.
6.10.0 Crashes and reboots my phone after a minute of use.  Unusable! HTC Sensation.
Causes phone to reboot after using maps.
Imposible to use, crashes all the time. Downgraded to previous version.
Rezound user here.  Auto reboots.  Only way to use navigation was to uninstall all updates.  Fix please.
After the last update it craches my phone in about 30sec. Totally useless at this point.
After the latest updates, everytime I search for a location, it'll cause my phone to reboot.  I can uninstall updates and everything works wonderfully.  Get it working again!!!
New version cause the phone to restart all the time on HTC Rezound (Verizon).  Please fix ASAP
constantly auto starts and runs in background even after repeatedly killing the process. this is draining my battery big time. this ruins the android experience. Google you should know better
The update has madw the app unusable. Everytime I do to us it it crashes the phone after about a minute. Absolutely useless!
I used to LOVE this app.  I do not like that every time I attempt to use that it force closes. I don't know if it is the app or the 4G update. I did not bring my Garmin on a trip cuz I had this app on my phone...I haven't been able to use it at all.  Send a fix quick...please!
After installing the update my phone crashes and reboots when I opened the new google maps, my phone overheated!! So I uninstalled it and I'm using the factory version of maps..:-( hopefully it gets fixed soon
Just upgraded today.Keeps restarting my phone! Please fix! Was great before upgrade.
My phone reboots with the updated version.  I had to go back to original in order to use the maps.  Mybe I will just pay for the Verizon navigation.
After update, every time I open it hang I open ten times and hang ten times  What is this update for????
HTC rebound, after update, maps loads and works for 30 seconds then restarts phone
Version 6.10 causes HTC sensation to reboot when using maps.Reported however still broken. Don't upgrade!
You guys at Google always take great products and make things worse! The old maps used to have the option for dual bubble buttons & now you can only choose one option! I used to like having the phone bubble icon on the left of the locations name and either directions button or navigation button on the right! Please bring back the old style of bubble buttons! Latitude widget is gone & you have to manually reenable Latitude on every device? I can't rate businesses or restaurants without Google+ WTF?
This WAS a fantastic app. Whenever I use latitude to view friend locations it retarts my whole phone. Pleeeaassee fix this so it can return to being fantastic and useful app!
HTC Sensation. Crashes the phone every time I try to use navigation. You would think a company like Google would test their software before releasing it to their clients.
Bery good
Last update has made maps, navigation and my phone unusable. After 2 mins, if maps is a running process, my phone will abnormally restart. GOOGLE PLEASE FIX ASAP.  HTC Sensation ICS
DroidX Why have all my latitude people disappeared? One by one they started going now my list is empty including "stale" friends, and my friends are still requesting I check in? What's up Google? Please fix!
If they had move to SD function i would update and have 5 stars.
The version I now have crashes my Android within 2 minutes of opening the app. It doesn't orient the map while I'm driving any more and is a complete distraction - NOT safe to use. Can I roll back to the previous version please?
Is there a way to delete this? I have gps on my phone I don't need maps. I hate how this app runs all the time!
That app use to work unroll this update, I have HTC sensation , when I used it it to forever to load up and when it did it restarted my phone I uninstalled and installed it again same thing so I just kept the update of my phone, issue needs to be fixed
Crashes every time a try to get directions on my HTC Rezound.
Everytime I open the app it works ok for a few seconds then crashes and resets my phone. This started happening after I receives the OS update. Please fix! I used to this app all the time as I travel for work but haven't used it lately due to crashing
Loading the navigate function causes my phone to restart
Latest release is absolutely terrible. Every time I use Maps it crashes my phone, sometimes immediately or sometimes right when my directions to a destination are displayed. Very frustrating. Please fix this issue. HTC Sensation 4G
This used to be the most useful app on my Sensation. Now it freezes the phone and makes it reboot after a few minutes :(
Ever since the latest update on both google maps and google navigation, it makes my phone reboot automatically and glitches a lot. Please fix this issue ASAP!
Keeps crashing my HTC desire after 10 seconds of moving around a map!! I actually needed it today and of course it doesn't work :( normally I'd rate it at least 4 stars
I have an HTC Rezound with Android ICS, and this app is unusable. Crashes and reboots my phone every time
After the update, it has been acting up. Can't ever find my location on the map with wifi and gps on. Afterwards a few minutes of restarting my phone it will work for a while and then back to not working again. Please fix ASAP as my job requires me to have a good gps system.. Thanks
I never did use this much, but at least it used to work, now it force closes every few minutes even though I'm not using it. I wish I could uninstall but it's a permanent app on my phone... HTC Evo 4g on sprint
Will not open since the update. Uninstalling!
Super inaccurate! Crashes constantly. Has got me lost and miss lead me more times than I can count.
Please fix it. Causes restart now.
Please fix rebooting issue on Rezound
Since the last update all this does is crash my phone over and over. What went wrong google? This used to be the best map app ever.
Crashes phone during/after every use of app!!
HTC Sensation with Android 4.03 Since the latest update, it keeps crashing. I would have given full 5* if it wasn't for this.
Phone restarts every time I open the app. Completely useless and frustrating, especially when I'm already lost.
Bring back the widget for latitude.
The latest version is taking too much space on the phone. I'd be really much happier if this was stored on the SD card
Latest update causes boot loops on newer HTC phones.   Doing it on all friends phones.  Mine does it too.  HTC Rezound.
Navigation doesn't work, just keeps resets the phone after entering destination. Used to be great but now completely useless. Please fix for HTC sensation xe
New update on galaxy s3 some road names missing GB uninstalled to old version at least it's got road names also blurred areas
Used to work well but new update causes my HTC Sensation 4G to crash and then do a full reboot.
Crashes all the time.. even when I'm not using the app
Causing my sensation to crash ALOT. Calling from found places causes crash.
Forces my phone to restart each and everytime I use maps. It's sucks
If I didn't like my phone. It would had been thrown out the window along time ago. Now with this stupid app. It realy suck !!!!!. Google suck with theae dum apps
Every time when I use google maps my phone crashes and reboots
Getting worse. Now Must enroll google+ to check-in and write reviews. Without g+, it reboot my ohone when I use goigle map. STUPID.  It is annoying. It can't point my position frequently when others can. Feels like it is heavier and drains batter a lot more. Maybe google losing the grip and originality of its beginning.
Map has been wrong sense update!!!!!! Telling I'm on a totally different rd that I'm on at this very moment! Can't even use!
My phone restarts every time I open maps!
Keeps crashing my HTC sensation after the update. Fix it soon- I don't want to have to buy an iPhone
Installing this after my ICS upgrade causes the system to stall and reboot. Reverting to the old version does not cause a problem.
This was one of my favorite apps until the latest update. Now it restarts my phone every time I try to navigate. Get it fixed! HTC rezound.
I absolutely love this app. But absolutely HATE this new update. Uninstalled the updates, and running on old version, working perfect now. Please fix this, this restart problem is horrible.
Yet another Rezound user aggravated by the constant reboots. Can't open maps or nav w/o rebooting EVERY TIME. This should have been fixed by now. Things like this would rarely happen if google would tighten the reins a little and stop these manufacturers from making useless bloated skins that ruin the android experience. This is one of the most important apps and it's now absolutely useless. I'm not about to start carrying a separate GPS. It's not 1997. FIX IT SOON!
Was a good app after the last update it resets my phone every time I open it so now it is totally useless
The app cannot locate where I am. Skips every 3 seconds between Texas and California. Pretty large discrepancy! I have to uninstall all updates and use my original version now. Such a let down, google.
Please fix crashes phone after less than a minute on HTC sensation
Crashes on HTC sensation causes phone to turn off. Please fix!
Google!!!! What the f'k have you done? This last update is crap! I use the application everyday and since the new update it keeps crashing and rebooting my phone!!! Crap man!!!! Come on, get it together!! I need this app to work!!!!!!!
I cant turn it on satellite mode!Fix it as soon as possible
Ummm... Why does this app need to talk to tags and readers nearby?????
Was great until update early August and now unusable for more than 2mins. Makes my phone restart. Needs fix, this was by far the best navigation system until the update
I'm having the same problem as most other htc users. Shortly after opening google maps my phone crashes and reboots on its own.  It wasn't broke so why'd you fix it?!?!?!
Every time to tried to use the update maps, it restarted my phone. I don't recommend the update
Force close on the TF201 Android 4.0.3 every 10 seconds.  Ridiculous.  You are Google, right. Expecting more from you.
Latest update causing problems causing HTC sensation to crash then restart resulting in a 'tell HTC' auto notification being sent. Phone fine with other apps and older version of maps and navigation. Needs sorting !
The latest update has made this a pain to use
Great app if usable.  Used to work just fine.  Resets phone every time now.  If you uninstall all updates it works.
Do not install newest version. I'm running ics on Droid resound. Navigation causes phone to reboot.
Every time I go on it causes my phone( HTC Rezound) to restart itself
Ever since the latest update, I haven't even been able to use it. It opens for about a minute then my phone restarts...every single time without fail. Too bad, cuz I used it constantly for work. Saved me quite a bit of time over its life, but now i got nothing. HTC Rezound
Each update to this app makes it worse. Most recent update causes my phone to reboot after about 40seconds. HTC Rezound - Verizon
Very disappointed with the new version, the traffic and other layers have disappeared.  "If it's not broken, don't fix it"
After all the effort I make to write my experience, the comment got deleted. I can see higher forces at work here. (Reducing score from 3 to 1)  The language for navigation cannot be changed. This means the maps navigation tries to speak finnish street names, which it can't do. The speech cannot be identified either english of finnish, If I want to navigate with this, I have to change phone language to finnish... Which in turn changes the names and language used for google's my tracks, forcing a different name for my shared documents and the language as well. The map doesn't bother to show the path I always walks, nor does it show the sports track I always pass.
Likely clash with HTC Sense UI that keeps auto reboot, very annoying~
Be4 up2date i watch layer in satelite mode but after no satelite option...
Massages
Crashes each time opened!
This app used to work so great until the last update. Now, each time I open it up, my phone restarts. It restarted on me about 5 times in 10 min. Not ok!
Was great before the  last update, now latitude is not worth a toss.!
My htc keeps restarting when using navigation after update. I reverted back to previous release for now.
Newest update makes the app completely unusable; it makes my phone reset every time I use it. Please fix!
I have the HTC rezound and ever since the newest update I can't open the app without it crashing.
DROIDX 2 here and this update even affects navigation.  The unit is always Searching GPS and the radius of accuracy proves this.  GPS doesn't seem to be getting turned on.  I removed the updates and the old version works fine.  Wait for a new update or you have to go all the way.back to the original loaded version.
you cant delete this app. and its way off.
4th total restart crash today while using maps, after the update. You're broken it Google. HTC Sensation ICS.
When I updated this app,  it always keep freezing and then force closes.  I will give you 5 stars if you fix this.
I upgraded this app a few days ago and everytime I try to get directions it restarts my phone. Don't upgrade at all might have uninstall it. Wtf
This was the best app ever...after the update it causes my Rezound to reboot when used. Had to uninstall. Please fix!
Keeps force closing app then forces restart on my HTC rezound.  WTF?
Power cycles in the navigation with the 4.0.3 after the software update
I have Rezound with 4.0.3 ICS and anytime I open navigation with Google maps the phone will immediately power cycle.
It not track my location
Its not work in my samsung galaxy y duos. It have upadate option bt when i update this apps its a notification that unsufficient mamory. I have 90 mb free in phone n 2 gb space in sd card. Plz help.
I do not understand why latitude settings change in its own on my husband's phone. Please let me know if this is a glitch and has happened before or if settings must be chanced manually... ?
I have a HTC rezound, and everytime I open up maps or navigation it work for a minute and it just shuts off my phone! Make no sense
My HTC rezound crashes every time I use google maps. Please fix!
Bad update. Location gone. No satellite view. No layers etc etc. It keeps on crashing as well
I use google maps everyday as my satnav. It's really good. Unfortunately the latest update has killed my phone. Every time I open it my HTC sencation xe crashes. I've had to uninstall the latest update but as you can't uninstall the the last update I've had to uninstall all the way back to the original version :( .
Causes HTC rezound to reboot
My HTC Rezound keeps on power cycling every time I try and access the maps.  Very inconvenient as I am in the travel industry.  I need my maps.  Fix immediately please!!!!
My HTC Rezound is forced to reboot each time I open maps...
The file is TOO big!!!
Keeps crashing my Sensation. Will avoid using until fixed.
This app crashes the phone after 30 seconds of use. Used to work just fine for the update. Resound with ice cream sandwich.
Once I got the ICS update for the Rezound, my updated version if Google Maps runs for approximately 20 seconds before shutting down and restarting the phone.    Currently, my only resolution is to uninstall the update and disallow automatic updates of the app.
Since te latest update, whenever I use the app my phone goes on a boot loop and have to start it on recovery mode and perform a 'reset to system default' so I can have access to my phone. I am not alone in this. I know of another two people with the same problem. Please get it sorted!
What happened? Current update causes my rezound to reboot every time I use the app!?!?! Google please post a correction!!!
WTF google!!!!!! Maps crashs waaaay too mucho on My phone, it keeps rebooting it after a minute of use, I can't search for anything :(  Where can I let you know about the problems?
The new update along with 4.0 icecream sandwich, my phone restarts everytime I use maps.
This current update is horrible. I can no longer use Google maps on my HTC. Within the first minute of starting the app, the phone reboots. Looks like I'm gonna have to Bing it.
The previous is better than now..I can't see the layer...please fix..on my galaxy y... Uninstall update..
The previous is better than now..I can't see the layer...please fix..on my galaxy y... Uninstall update..
Always makes my phone restart since this last update. Much better before the update. 5 stars when fixed. HTC rezound.
Like others are saying, I can't even run this without it rebooting the phone-uninstall this update if you actually want it to work-hopefully will be fixed in next patch-until then, only 1 star
I can't use google maps or navigation anymore.  It causes my HTC Rezound w/ICS to restart when I try to use it.
The most recent update has broken this app. 80% of the time i try to use it, my phone restarts. If this bug is patched, I'll raise my rating to 5, because otherwise this was one of my favorite apps and I use it all the time. Also, it's still not possible to change between metric and imperial units.
After latest update my phone reboots whenever I use maps or navigation app.
My phone will not stay on. Reboots constantly. Wish I would not have updated. Never a problem before.
This app is almost useless!!! Everytime I try to make use of this once great app, my phone crashes on me! Causing it to reboot! Happens every time. I believe the new firmware update is to blame! Horrible!
My HTC Sensation 4G now crashes and reboots every time I use Google Maps. Factory restore did not correct the problem. The software is corrupted.
Restarts after limited use for HTC rezound.
Sucks ever since the system update it never works I can type in a destination and start navigation then the whole phone will do a power cycle. Used to work fine!
Causes phone to freeze/restart with latest update.  HTC Rezound w/ ICS
I need my location....
Restarts phone when used...Horrible
The latest update keeps restarting the phone when getting directions
last version is better then new
As of 2 weeks ago google maps started reporting my location as being in austria (note:not australia, austria) (as in near germany), It's not a SSID issue either. This is an issue with google's services backend. Google please fix this. I'm 6+ THOUSAND miles from europe. This is appalling.  UPDATE: ok now i'm suddenly in switzerland  More specifically "Verkehrshaus der Schweiz- HSV autohalle" Strassenverkehr
Used to work great. Faultless as a sat nav. Then it was updated and it keeps telling me "maps stopped" not good when you are trying to navigate round town. Fox it please then I will reinstate 5 stars.
Why does the app need access to phone numbers to make phone calls? Have to force close more times than not when I put an address in.
I used this app daily until the update. Now it causes my rezound to reboot every time I open it. Uninstalling updates until this issue is fixed. When that happens, my rating will go back up to five stars.
dopo aggiornamento va in reboot il telefono quando si apre il programma!
The last update was bad yet tolerable. This one gets confused. If this us the future of google you are going to lose users quickly.
Crashes everytime and abnormally reboots, without fail, ever since I updated Maps and got ICS.
Forces restarts all the time HTC rezound
The latest update crashes my phone upon opening the app. Please fix.
Rezound reboots...had to uninstall update.
The original version was way better. The one thing I miss is when in navigation, your direction of travel was always on top. Now north is always on top. DON'T LIKE IT!
Restarts my phone every time I open this app. Not cool at all!!
I have a HTC Sensation running Ice Cream Sandwich. In the last three days, every time I run Google Maps or Navigator, my phone crashes and then reboots. I thought it might be a memory problem, but the phone doesn't crash running any other App. It also does not crash when I'm running other navigation (TeleNav). I love Navigator and use it on my daily commute to avoid traffic (if that's possible). Does anyone know what I can do to resolve the problem? I would appreciate any help. Thanks in advance
I'm a tool when it comes to knowing where I'm driving to. With this app crashing my phone looks like I'm stuck in the house till its fixed.
It sucks
This update is sorry Wtf this update is sh!t this suxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
I love google maps, but this last update killed it. The app causes my rezound to restart anytime I use it now. Uninstalled the updates and its fine. Hopefully they fix it.
Useless on my HTC Rezound with ICS. Keeps crashing and rebooting phone. Please fix. Used to work great, but not anymore.
I use to love this app but now have to use another one! It's crashes every time I use navigation. Running ICS on my HTC Rezound..  It's completely useless.. It's a shame because I thought it was the best app for directions and navigation. Please fix then I would recommend and reconsider...
I had to un-install the update! The new one makes my phone shut off and reset completely when I use the navigation. Not impressed...HTC rezound
Since update the program restarts my phone every time please fix.... HTC rezound
I love it, works great. But after recent few updates, map panning is very laggy and the application FCs almost every use. It also has the tendency to freeze my whole phone and forces an automatic reboot of my device.
Why the heck does this need to be able to make phone calls!! Uninstall this apl if u have it and any one dont have it dont get it!
Every time I use maps it crashes my phone, I can no longer use it
Can't believe there hasn't been a new version since virtually every HTC customer has complained about maps making their phone crash. Sort it out!
1 star minus  Hopeless update - crashes phone every time I use it, harder to read, traffic info just disappears. Basic usability cock ups by Google  - zoom buttons too close together, so zoom in when want zoom out etc. They've removed the useful 'scale bar' lab item and replaced it with a useless 'distance and elevation between two points'   Would uninstall the updates but previous version no longer works at all... looking for something else as the previous version was really useful for getting around traffic into work, but this is awful.  Update 23 Aug Still terrible - crashes regularly - and then requires reinstalling. So the blurb about never needing a paper map again is b0ll0cks frankly (not using my data allowance to reinstall this when out and about). Wish someone would come up with something to compete with this,,,
Ever since the most recent update where they changed the icon to have the 'g', Google Maps & Navigation has caused my HTC Sensation 4g to reboot after about a minute of using the app. It is deterministic, repeatible, and incredibly frustrating. People are complaining in forums, and Google has yet to release a fix. It makes me want an iPhone - or worse, Windows Phone.
GPS/ map crashes every time I search for an address. It use to work great now it sucks.
Google gets worse and worse with each new update, horribly disappointed. GPS for Atrix 4G hasn't worked since maps version 6.6.0 Now latitude doesn't work in 6.10.0 So sad, google once prided themselves in quality.
The new update was crashing my OS :( had to uninstall updates, currently on factory install
Since the last update, I can't use it. It crashes and resets my entire phone immediately. Anyone else having this problem?  HTC Rezound uninstalled update works fine.
Since updating, Gps takes a lot longer to find my location, make this worthless.
After the latest update on 21st Aug, Maps has become a nuisance. It keeps running in the background using 40% of the battery and 12 % of the ram (out of 150mb). Tried everything to stop it but bounces back. Thinking of rooting my phone and getting rid of it totally. HTC wildfireS android version 2.3.5
HTC Rezound. ICS. Phone restarts randomly when app is opened...FIX THIS NOW...
Everytime I try to use maps, my phone cuts off and reboots This is a must fix! I use maps for the frequent traveling I do.
On Jellybean 4.1.1 maps now uses 18-20% of battery without even opening it. Google fix this! Awful!
EVER SINCE ITS UPGRADE IT CRASHES EVERY TIME. I USE TO LOVE THIS APP. I CAN'T GET ENOUGH TIME TO CHECK THE TRAFFIC.
Been using maps for my sat-nav for the last couple of years and never had a problem. Since the last update, everytime I use it, it crashes my phone. Usually when I'm already driving. Please sort the issues!
Very poor choice. Lack basic sat nav function i.e. "POIseach" favourites", "journey planner". My place completely useless. What the point saving an address if you can rename it/tag it in a way that make sense to you. Was on my way to heathrow airport guess what, couldn't found heathrow terminal 4 car park. What a shame. my 10year old tomtom navigator could find heathrow car park. Over all this navigator doesn't deserve 1 kb of your phone memory!
Keeps restarting my phone after last update
My HTC Sensation now freezes, crashes and reboots when I try to use navigation since latest update. App is now useless. Needs a fix!
Don't get me wrong, this app, before this most recent update was by far one of the most used (and beloved) apps on my HTC Sensation 4G. But after this latest update, My phone restarts EVERY TIME THE APP OPENS! I've uninstalled and then re installed it. I've tried it again and again. Each time, another restart. I open Latitude: CRASH. I open Navigator: CRASH. Please, please fix this app. Return it to the 5 star awesomeness that its been for 2 years!
My phone always crash whenever I use it!! What happened to google maps?? First an error saying insufficient space, now my phone keeps on crashing after usage. Please fix!! Otherwise I'm substituting to for something else. HTC Sensation
Used to be great, simple w/ good functionality. Now its big, clunky, doesn't work very well and bloated with a bunch of useless crap.
Nav does not work and continues to reboot my phone
Did u deletd satelite view option..
Forces reboot on Rezound.
My HTC Rezound reboots every time I use this app since the last upgrade. Please fix A.S.A.P.
latest update is not working properly on my Y duos. and options is not appear please fix it
I really don't understand why it's taking goggle so long to fix this known issue with most htc phones
Last update broke this app.
Crashes almost every time. Navigation is useless. HTC sensation
Crashes my HTC Resound. Also I'd like to be able to tag/name places, in many cases a street address is not very descriptive.
Crashes my rezound every time.  Uninstalled update and all is well.
poor..
Please fix this. The new update is bugging out my HTC rezound. Keeps on crashing and restarting my phone.
Now there is no my location button please fix it
Crashes all the time causing my Sensation to reboot!
Since the last update, it gobbles up internal memory like anything. There is no option to move storage to SD card. Also keeps force closing very often now.
But latest version has messed my sensation up :( please fix
On the HTC Rezound, every time I use the maps or navigation for about a minute, it restarts my phone. No other app does that but this. I use this all the time so please fix!!!
Ever since the update I can no longer use navigation because whenever it comes up to give me directions it causes my phone to lockup and after about 5-10 seconds it reboots. PLEASE FIX THIS ! ! !
Used to be accurate.  Now it shows me miles from where I am.  What happened? Droid2global.
Totally useless without the My Location button. I am forced to revert back to the factory installed version!
I'm very accustomed to blackberry's style maps where you simply hit 0 key to go to my position, I knew that using maps while driving is dangerous but this blackberry style is the safest to use. This update really confuse me since I couldn't find my location icon anywhere. It's really unsafe for me... clearly a waste
Since this latest update, my phone reboots every 2-3 min during navigation, ridiculous!
Ever since update the directions no longer come up...it force closes it. Don't like it anymore.
This app has become even worse after the last update... Does not work & keeps crashing. It's just.. HORRIBLE.
Good app until update. I use it all the time. Now I can't use it. Shuts phone down everytime I open it. Please fix
After last update, when I run Maps, it just crashes my htc sensation, android4. Unacceptable.
This was a great app. Now it just restarts my phone over and over, it is unusable now.
But I'm 1000 miles away, tried a lot of stuff to fix it is turned off wifi , hope a fix comes out
please fix the problem in this new version there is no option or icon for layers and my place.please fix it
Please revert back a version!
This new update causes my HTC Rezound to crash and reboot.  Please get this fixed soon!
This app constantly resets my phone and is unusable, I went back to the beta version. All problems solved, google I can't understand why u haven't released new firmware to fix this problem, get on it.
Phone reboots when navigation starts. Last update ruined app.
At least let us get rid of the beta application and give us access to the last version.
HTC resound....open maps....restart phone.....open directions list....restart phone.....please, please fix!!!!!!_
After upgrading new version, the app has yet to load.  Continually says loading, thus I have not been able to use since updating.
Had to uninstall last update for map to stop restarting my phone. Horrible update.
A lot of crashes with the new version. Apparently a conflict with HTC Sense. It's impossible to use it. What's happened?
Latest update crashes within first ten minutes on sensation xe.  Totally unusable now.  Only way of resolving at present is to in installation all updates for maps
I loved my latitude widget. I am also reverting to the previous version until widget comes back!
Hey Google it's been like a week now and you haven't fix nothing. Y'all should be ashamed, embarrassed with the quality of this app. It doesn't work for us folks with HTC Rezound.
ICS ruined Maps and Navigation. I used to like this app a lot but now it reboots my phone as soon as its launched.
Updated software just before using and took me an hour longer to get to destination. Had to keep stopping the car to get the sat nav working again. Crashed and reset phone every few mins. Don't fix something that's not broken.
Wont even open, just force closes.
Running on a stock HTC Sensation 4G with ICS. After update it caused my phone to reboot after opening the Google map for 5 minutes. Happened over ten times even with another update the following day. Just 3.6 was better.
This is horrible...the crash amount is way to much....crashes so much its impossible to use
I've always loved this app but the latest update makes my phone reboot every time i run it!
Newsest update blows. Fix it nerds
Live Wallpaper does not work.
Why since I and my friends who all have HTC have updated does it now switch all pur phones off when u go on maps??? Did u test this update before u handed it out?? I bet not!! U shout be fired!!
The new version force my phone to reboot all the time.
After the latest update ,I am unable to see sattelite view in the map I cannot find layers,my location on my Samsung galaxy y duos - gts - 6102  From  Raju Bhite , Pune India .
I went through the hassle of getting a replacement phone because I thought the software update messed it up, but when the same thing happened on the replacement phone I tried uninstalling the update and everything works fine now.  With the new update for the maps the phone would freeze and restart every time I used the app.  Without the update the app works fine.  Please fix bugs with the updates.  I use this app a lot. Thanks.  HTC Rezound.
New update crashes and phone reboots.  Sad update!
Loved this app till new update restartes HTC Phone in 10 secs  everytime. Uninstalling update fixed it but lost new helpfull features please fix soon...
Worst app we want new version nd dat include layers option n my location option
missing menu of "my location" cannot change to satelit view..
What the hell is this? Where did all the previous features go? There is no navigation, no latitute, no satellite view, No My location . Please add all the features in it and update a new version.
It was working fine till recent upgrade on my android. Now it only works for a minute and reboots my phone. Uninstalled upgrade.
I insert 4gb memory card ,used space is 1.5gb only. I not able use memory card for updation or download .If i download or update some application error was coming like insufficient storage.
Keeps taking me to Edmonds community college library in Washington state even though i am thousands of miles away.
Everytime I use the navigation after the update, the phone reboots. The voice goes back & forth from one voice to another. Any resolution?
Big fan of google maps. Just got back from 3week driving holiday in France with no probs until updated to new version. Now phone crashes a few minutes after opening maps even if not using for navigation. Crashes phone even if running in background. Google maps no longer useable. Very disappointing as this was a major reason for going android. Tried uninstalling update which failed. Disaster!
Google's navigation WAS my BFF !  It crashes constantly just after opening   GOOGLE PLEASE FIX  .....PLEASE ?  ...please ?  Bill
It will get the 5 stars it deserves once I can add multiple destinations into my directions!
Why do i need this ... I dont . And cannot uninstall . Annoying .
Why do i need this ... I dont . And cannot uninstall . Annoying .
during updation i missed my layeres option. now satellite view not available
Keeps soft rebooting of the phone.  HTC Rezound with ics 4.0.3
Google Maps has always been my preferred navigation. However, with the latest update my HTC Rezound restarts whenever I'm on Google Maps longer than a few minutes. I rely on Google Maps when I travel. Please fix this bug asap. I miss my Google Maps!
Cannot get satellite view on my galaxy y
Cannot get satellite view on my galaxy y
Another HTC Sensation user. Say no more
Latest update screwed up everything.   No pinch to zoom erratic graphics went to older version to make my maps work again.
With each update features I use disappear; * share location - gone * link to navigation app from directions - gone * latitude widget - gone  Google, I know this is 'free' but please stop taking away the features I use.  Also, by far the largest app on my phone, sucking up space.
Used to be awesome before update now its poop! Crashes everytime within 30 seconds and restarts my phone-in HTC sensation xe
Causes HTC sensation to crash 30 seconds or so after app launch. Had to uninstall. Also location history bar graphs gone, do not update to this version.
Oooooohhhhh my god wtf has gotten into this thing??!! At one point I adored it like a god but now I would not trust it to put me in my grave nicely without crashing........
I like the location history info now. First things I noticed was that my location sharing was automatically off after the upgrade and the latitude widget has gone.
Not able to run it for more than a minute. Lame update!
6.10.0 causes the phone to reboot after a few seconds of launching the app.  Numerous threads on Google's Map group about this acknowledged by Google staff, yet 6 days on and still no resolution to the problem. HTC Sensation.
I use to love this app, but lately it has gotten too buggy to use in a bind. And too big to just leave on my phone. Make it smaller or make it move google!!!
I shouldnt have updated this app....cause now its to slow and on the map u cant c anything...lines going thru it.. Please fix.
WTF NO! Fix asap.
This app didnt work when I was lost in dublin
Worsttttt
Ever since my phone updated, this app makes my phone reset. I'm having to use google maps through internet explorer. Very annoying! Please fix!
how can i switch over to satellite  view in this application while i am trying the menu option it  never shows the layer option
After the recent update, I can no longer use the GPS anymore because it would crash and force my phone to restart each time I try to use it. Please fix asap!!
Where is d layars option. Old version was good. This is damm not working with layers & not giving my location. Showing my location abt 400km far.
Crashes all the time, used to work great, what happened?! I can't even use it to navigate anywhere! Please fix soon
10 sec and boom reboot
Since upgrade cannot access layers. What kind of "upgrade" reduces usefulness?
Since the newest upgrade this app has been shutting my phone down and or freezing it. I'm not the only one its happened to either. FIX IT!!!!!!!
Was good now rubbish  that's putting politely come you new update has f--ked it up it crashes after 2mins or less after it being in use come programmers sort it least I can now use the orange maps it less me use that now where before it didn't I got HTC sensation I deleted the upgrades on this to if it helped in doing so its aloud me to use orange maps which was pre installed. Good luck to every one least I have tom tom I use for work I am useing on Holliday good job I got that or I be lost all the time
It's unused app ..
Latest update (8/16/12) reboots my phone (HTC Rezound w/ICS) EVERY time I use it. A coworker with the same phone has the same issue. FIX = Manually uninstall updates.
Same issue with other HTC users. Latest version of maps and navigation reboots my HTC Sensation XE. Unusable. Uninstalling updates.
Makes my phone restart every single time since I updated it. Do something! It's been a week!
A week has now passed with no fix, this is why people choose i-phones.... New update makes my HTC Sensation reboot within a minute of starting the app. I've uninstalled updates but it's rolled back to the original app. Please fix quickly.
I guess I'm not the only sensation having problems. I uninstalled a few days ago after noticing the consistent crashing when using the new Google maps. So far the prior version is stable. Google or HTC needs to fix this asap.
Please fix it. During driving not detecting my location and error. I like the old Google maps that works best with few options on 3g and data.
Lost the layers option when going to menu/options with last update  Samsung replenish on gingerbread
Completely shuts phone off after about 4 seconds...... Come on google fix this  HTC rezound
Only app I've ever used that failed so spectacularly, to restart the whole phone every time it's used! So bad! Used to use it many times every day, now useless. (rezound)
I used to like this app, but the most recent update makes it randomly collect data and take up memory that I don't have to spare. I hope it still works after I uninstall the update....
App was superb used it all the time, since update it works for 5 secs then phone crashes, brilliant
Hope we could also enjoy this application in the Philippines :)
Using on Acer a501...app shuts down itself everytime in 5 seconds...you will be lucky if u could use it more than that...thought works fine on my HTC desire hd
Was very good after recent update my phone restart every time when I open google maps.
Worked fine before, now just reboots every time I open it.  WTF Google!?
Since latest update crashes every 1 minute..unusable. uninstalled update and it works again. HTC rebound ics
Used to be great on my sony ecrisson. Since i got samsung galaxy,its sucked. navigation does not work. It keeps searching for my gps, the voice does not come and it gives me wrong directions and tells me im on streets that im not. The only thing good about it is the map function
Why my Mobile connection is try to connect while WIFI is connected already?!
Restarts my phone every time I open it. Only happens now that I did the update. Used to be an app I used all the time. Now I have to use an iPhone. Fix please
The recent update is horrible!! It keeps crashing and restarts my phone by itself everytime I open it!!
Can't use the app anymore. Every time I open it, it reboots my entire phone. EVERY TIME. Sucks, cause I used to use it almost everyday. Please fix.
They cover important information, majorly slow things down, use more data,  and interfere with location balloon popups. If this kind of crap keeps up, screw you google, I'm going back to ios.
My friend list on latitude has not refreshed in 3 days. And it can't seem to pinpoint my location. It keeps jumping around the map every few seconds, even if I have my GPS and wi-fi on. Please fix. This is very frustrating.
Before the last update I relied on this app constantly. But since the last update, the app constantly reboots my phone. Uninstalled last update and its fine, turned off automatic updates and will wait for the next version :( FIX IT PLEASE!
Latest update causes my phone to REBOOT when I need it to direct me someplace.
Rezound. I updated my phone and the maps app. Afterward every time I opened the maps app or tried to use the GPS my phone would restart. OVER AND OVER this happened. I called Verizon to see if they knew the cause or a solution. They did not know so they simply replaced my phone. My new phone worked great for about four hours.. until I updated the Maps app. Then every time I opened the app my phone would restart. I uninstalled the update and now everything works great again. DO NOT UPDATE!
Everytime I open it my phone restarts. Uninstalling the update. Hopefully that works. Get this fixed please. HTC rezound
Very unstable. Keeps restarting my device!
Since new update it crashes and restarts my phone every time I try to use it.
Latest update is causing my memory to crash let alone finding out the last two weekends its been causing me to have to drive a half hour longer on a four hour drive. Even when asking for alternate routes it never suggested the route a Garmin did that saved me the time.
Ran the latest update once. Then it overloaded the ph and it wouldn't stop running even after a battery pull. Serious issues with this update. Had to uninstall to fix problem. Now waiting for next update to see it that one works.
This latest update reboots my phone after loading into navigation. Uninstalled, running previous version.  ReZound w/ ICS root
Have uninstalled back to factory version, as this version crashes my Htc!
It crashes
cannot detect where i am, says i am in Switzerland whereas i am in California!
From Last update the google maps not work any more, ..when you open the app  make reset phone itself!!!!
From Last update the google maps not work any more, ..when you open the app  make reset phone itself!!!!
Very poor Not see setelite view Very bad update of gmap.
How to use inside pictures places like taj mahal
F*ckd things up!!! Fix!!! GPS not picking up.
Never shows accurate time for direction and  worse alternative routes.  Google maps for iOS is much better!
So how long does it take you to fix a problem with your LOUSY UPDATE.  GET TO WORK AND CORRECT THIS !!!!!
The New maps update is also making my rezound crash like everyone else.
There isn't any button to check your location
The recent update will make your HTC reboot when using maps. I have a HTC Sensation but I've been told it effect other models too.
Was working great with maps and navigation til the update now I'm having the same issues, crashes my HTC rezound every time I try to use it...please fix asap!!!
Where is the satellite view
Kept making my phone restart! Annoying..
Why can't this app be exactly the same as the i phone Google maps app with a simple bubble as your marker that has to get to a flag not all this other crap that's not needed. For an app the is ment to help you this is a waste of time.
It takes a lot of my internal space :|
Since the update, every time I atemp to use the app, it restarts my phone. I have the HTC Rezound, please fix this issue. I absolutely love the app but now I can't use it.
I use Google maps A LOT, but now my phone reboots every time I try to use to. Horrible. Please fix!
Always fc and freezes when searching, looking for location, or just moving the map around
I cannot use this since it reboots the phone.  I hope there is a work around or fix for the Rezound.
Worked fine until I updated, now the phone crashes every time I open maps, navigation or local. Fix it please....
Maps always worked great until latest update & ice cream. Now it crashes my phone.  Google, please fix. Maps is an awesome app - when it works.
Keeps rebooting my phone every time I use it or locks up and reboots when trying to shut it down. Very frustrating!
Most recent update crashes HTC phones.  Thanks for pushing an update that is crap.
Very slow. Continuous "server errors." Poor help features. I can see why these apps are free. They should pay us to use them.
I loves Google maps until the most recent update. Reboots my Rezound continuously. Fix please.
Since the update it keeps restarting my phone when I look up directions! Rezound
Crashes & reboots phone plz fix
My HTC sensation crashes and restarts every time I use it. Now my only GPS device is useless...
Buggy reboot my phone over n over again
Buggy reboot my phone over n over again
where is the layer option in it ?????
Once the update went through on My resound HTC my ph crashes and restarts w in one min.this update is horrible either fix or create a new app my ph can use w maps navigation and latitude this new app is so bad ans crappy
I downloaded the newest version and its terrible!! All it does is stop my phone and restarts it, all the time I use it. Even tried taking the battery out and restarting it. It did the samething.  Please fix the application A.S.A.P.
HTC sensation, ICS4, phone Forced restart a few minutes after using Google navigation. Been waiting for a fix....
Cannot believe that the update from google maps has made this app on my rezound droid crash w in two min of just opening this app . Verizon wireless couldn't even.figure out why this was happening and replaced my ph saying my motherboard was corrupted! Either fix the app or do not allow certain HTC phones to be able to access it and or update the ph they have to the horrible new app please fix
Everytime I hit get directions it restarts my phone. I had to uninstall the update in order for it to work again. Please fix this issue I use Google maps all the time and would love to use the updated version
Please bring back the latitude widget. Only 1 star until It's brought back.
Everytime I open it restarts my phone
This new update crashes literally every time I use it. It's left me stranded a couple times as it usually crashes when I try to search. It's amazing that an update can destroy a previously perfectly fine app.
I updated to this new google maps update and every since every time I try to go in my phone shuts off it looks cooler but is worthless do not update. You been warned.
This app guit working since the HTC ice cream update. It used to be my go to map now it sucks.
I wouldn't even give this new update a star. It restarts my phone everytime I try to use it and I know I'm not the only one.
U suck!
Someone screwed the pooch on this one.  Latest update crashes Rezound.   If you need the last version go to XDA developers and look around for a link to maps 6.9.2
At least I'm not the only one with the reboot bug.   Totally useless until fixed.   Figures I was on vacation when they released this POS update. :-[
Mine keeps crashing everytime I search something there is something wrong with the update this is an app that I use a lot sucks that its crashing every time I use it
The latest update causes my phone amongst others to reboot everytime I use the app.
I loved the old "My Location" even if it was using a cell tower to find me. Sometimes that was all I wanted so I could search around where I was without having to turn on the GPS. Please bring it back. I love the App but this was a disappointment for me. Everything else works well for me though on LG P350.
Fix this crap!!!
Keeps telling me searching for GPS signal, 4g is maxed out and still can't find where  I'm. Disappointing!
Latest update crashes my phone please fix.... Thanks
Makes my phone crash, Everything was fine until the up date
Causes Rezound on ics to rest with newest update.
I have loaded and reloadedthis appear and it continues to never locate the.gps and never works. It used to and now update after update just gets worse.
Keeps crashing !!! After update!!! Fix it !!!!
Update on this causes power cycling! Fix it!
Slow and worse respond than before
Maps use to work wonderfully be these recent updates have not worked to good. This recent update now makes my phone reboot every time. I don't know what Google's doing but it's sure not working!
Had to roll back as latest version crashes my phone every time I open the thing. I expect better...
This app was solid...until Ice Cream Sandwich. Now it restarts my phone within 30 seconds of opening the app. Uninstalling Maps updates fixes it for now. Please fix for amended review.
Got the Ice Cream update and the maps update at the same time. Maps now causes constant reboots, what I could see of the new system I like, but very hard to make a decision based on 20 secs of interface each time. Uninstalled all Maps updates and it works fine.
Last update stopped me from looking at around me. Can't find a restaurant. Fix now.. Please. HTC Sensation 4G
Latest update crashes and reboots the phone every single time since applying ICS on the HTC Rezound. Great job Google. Congrats!
Please make another update. I depend pretty much daily on this app and now it won't work!
HTC Rezound Crashes on every use since recent update.
Absolutely crashed. Downloading status permannently o of o. Fix it!
Useless program ever since Android update w/in last week. Looking now for a new program to download. Was also on vacation and needed navigation on back roads. Big let down this update was.
It keeps restarting my HTC rezound... Loved up until you updated it yesterday.... Please resolve.... Still crashes my HTC!!! O_o
Latest update keeps crashing... and any sort of fix by Google is slow.
As many other HTC users noticed, last update reboot the phonr
Why the f*&% does a map program need the ability to read and write in my contact list?!
Fix it please. Worked fine on my HTC untill the last update.
Never works properly on my S3. Satillite layer doesn't work, street view doesn't work (used to), not intuitive, never finishes "loading addrrsses". A very poor version. Worse than a beta.
Updated to the 8/16 version and found the star function under the top right menu. I've designed a lot of UI's and this is a failure. What moron designed this?
Latest update has ruined a perfectly good HTC phone. Wake up google!
HTC Rezound recently auto upgraded to Ice Cream Sandwich - after starting this app and navigating around the map, the app frequently crashes my phone within a minute of use. I can't use it, so it gets a one star.
I had to take the latest update off. Everytime I used my navigation, my phone shut off.
Can't download offline maps. Restarts when in navigation mode. Worked great before update
Ever since the update I cannot use google maps or navigation.  Everytime it reboots my phone and has taken away my 4g  status on the top bar. Very disappointed with this update and will have to find some other navigation in the meantime until they fix this problem.
Within seconds of launching the app, my phone restarts - everytime.  Previous version was great.
HTC rezound. Since last update phone restarts shortly after opening app. Unistalled updates,problem stopped, reupdated problem started again. Now app is unusable and STILL wastes 10% of my battery when not in use.
Keeps rebooting my rezound. Android w/o navigation is an iphone.
Just spins and force closing just starts it over
Same as markj, worked fine b4 last update, now just restarts phone every time I use it. Very big letdown from what was once a great app!
I have always loved google maps, so handy for navigating and always very accurate but this latest update has made it completely useless on my HTC sensation. Phone crashes and restarts every time I open the app. Please fix!! Then I will increase star rating.
Do not install update. It will reboot your phone everytime you use the app
Great for the last year I've been using it, now navigation loses GPS and resets my phone within minutes every time. HTC Sensation 4g running ICS.
Just like all the other HTC users (ICS), the latest update causes my phone to constantly restart when using navigation. Please fix asap.
The most recent update makes my phone reboot whenever I open the app. Please fix it!!!
Used to be great but new version causes phone to crash.
Latitude especially.  Nearly unusable application.  HTC Rezound.
H
Latest update sucks. Like for other HTC users, it just freezes the whole phone and crashes EVERY time I open it. So disappointed as normally google maps is my go to map.
Please, please tell me why this app must take up 18mb at it's smallest? It jumps even more if I actually use it! This is just crazy! Please fix NOW!!!
Use to use it all the time now it just crashes on my HTC Rezound and it shuts off my phone
I have been using Google Maps as my go to navigation app, however after installing the latest update my phone just keeps restarting few seconds after opening maps. Disappointed in Google for releasing this update without proper testing. Uninstalling until this is fixed!
My HTC Rezound reboots every time I start Google Maps.  I had to uninstall latest update to make it work.  Please fix it as it used to be my favorite app
Where's my location!!!!????
Waiting the next release, with this one I have a crash system each time that I try to use it....
Another Rezound user with rebooting problems.  Uninstalled update and Maps and Nav are fine.  Please update with fix.  Running ICS by the way.
HTC Sensation 4G. Crashes and reboots phone a minute after running the app.
HTC Sensation 4G. Crashes and reboots phone a minute after running the app.
Crashes consistently 10-15 seconds on my HTC Rezound after launching even in 4g. Virtually useless to me now.  Please fix immediately!
Why has no one noticed the new permissions with the update,  allows app to make phone calls without your intervention! Are you out of your minds?
Crashes constantly. Every time I open it.
Phone reboots itself a minute or so after using any map related app..very annoying..uninstalled this update now good again.
Last update makes my HTC Rezound crash evertime its open.Avoid this update until a fix has been posted.Very bad update.Do not use latest update.
This is such a bad bug that the update should've been rolled back! Every single app that uses Google maps force restarts my phone when it tries to load a map. Can't believe this is taking so long to fix.
My device is keep restarting after last update. It is useless now. Please fix it
My phone helpfully downloaded this update and now it crashes after a few minutes and is unusable. The last version worked great and now I can't go onto maps for anything without it rebooting the phone. I wish I knew how to ditch this version and go back to the old one. SORT IT GOOGLE YOU NUMPTIES!
Was perfect until the latest update. Now it crashes and restarts my phone.
Makes my droid restart every time I try to use it.  Had to uninstal updates to use.
App is not.working.with icecream sandwich.update
Force reboot on my rezound every time.  Don't upgrade your OS if you want to use maps, not worth it.
Please fix. I love this app but navigation/directions is useless. To my fellow HTC owners, uninstall the updates to make directions and navigation work again.
Great app until the last update. Just crashes my HTC phone
Turns off my rezound when I try to use it since new update, please fix
Recent update craps up....booooo android....
HTC Sensation,  continuous reboots since update.  Five stars if you make it quit rebooting my phone.
App was great until ICS update.Now it truly sucks. Please fix quickly!!!!
Every time I open maps my phone reboots.
Just installed the recent update to my Samsung Galaxy Apollo and there's now no way of changing the layers. Can't see satilite view or my online maps. Google have been notified and are apparently fixing the problem. But stick to your current version until they do.
Force restart on Sensation
Crashes and reboots my HTC Rezoud within 30 seconds everytime I start the app.  I had to remove updates to get the app to work properly.  Please fix soon.  Try to do a better job of prove out next update.
Latest update on Rezound causes phone to reboot repeatedly. It's been almost a week that one of the major apps on a top selling device is completely broken.
Use Google navigation all the time. This update reboots my Rezound with Ice cream S.  less than a minute after maps loads. PLEASE FIX.
Use Google navigation all the time. This update reboots my Rezound with Ice cream S.  less than a minute after maps loads. PLEASE FIX.
I LOVE GOOGLE MAPS, BUT THE LATEST UPDATE (v6.10.0) CAUSES MY HTC REZOUND TO RESTART 15 SECONDS AFTER LAUNCH EVERY TIME!!! UNACCEPTABLE!  I uninstalled all updates, and the older version works fine. Please fix ASAP!!!
crash crash crash.  ooh, it crashes and reboots my rezound... not good.  -me
Loss of feature, slower...;-(
Crashing and restarts phone whenever opened. HTC resound. Please fix!
This is a hard reboot, not just an app crash caused by the latest update.  Uninstall the updates and it works.
I'm on a Rezound and with the update, my phone restarts every time I try to use Maps. I hope I don't get lost while I'm driving to campus next week.
App keeps restarting my HTC sensation after 1 or 2 minutes, even when just running in the background! Would never expect google to release such a major bug for so many users!  Uninstalling now and hope for an update to fix this soon!
The nee update turns my phone off when I try to use it!
I use to love this app, but since the latest update it reboots my phone shortly after showing me the directions.  Totally unusable now.
Navigation since the last update has become the most useless  and unhelpful program on my phone it won't turn the map around so it makes sense I've made so many wrong turns that  I've given up on goggle maps.
Worst app ever google messed it up after the last update he make my phone froze it all the time. Im using mapquest now is ok google is better when it works
is google going to fix the problem with this or not?
Been using google maps since I got my HTC and have been loving it until.... I updated the other day... It constantly caused my phone to crash so have now uninstalled... Pls fix it!
How to get the layers option  ??  N where is the my location button ??? Plzz fix it google.
It keeps restarting my phone HTC Rezound.
Absolutely horrible reboots phone within 10 seconds of typing in destination. I am a delivery driver and rely on this service and it is NEVER fully functional
This update will cause your HTC phone to constantly reboot.  You also lose latitude even if you uninstall the update. Please fix this.
Horrible!!!! ALWAYS ALWAYS ALWAYS resets my phone for the HTC rezound with ICS, I hate the newest update
I used the latitude widget on my phone never had a problem. With this last update I lost my widget and everything with. Just unistalled all updates.
Love the app but the latest update would constantly force close and restart my phone. Had to uninstall update to use.
It crashes my phone everytime I click directions. My phone will literally restart. So I uninstalled the update for now!
I have an HTC Sensation 4G, and the app predictably crashes and restarts the phone about 20 seconds after opening the app, especially when using navigation. Defeats the entire purpose of the app. Not the Google quality I am used to. For shame, Google.
After the last update the toolbars are missing, so there is no way even to view My Location or switch layers!
It crashes and restarts my HTC Sensation 80% of the time, DON'T UPDATE!!!!Horrible horrible horrible !!!!!
Tell me why after the update it is now turning off my phone after 1 minute of being turned on. Please fix this. I love Google maps and navigation but not if I can't use it.   HTC rezound
Latest update makes my HTC Rezound crash and restart.  I rolled back to previous version for now.
Can't use it. Restarts and everything's different. Please bring back the old one... Please.
Is there any way to stop this coming up as available to download? I've got this on an HTC DHD, where it frequently won't load previously downloaded maps, or if it does, it decides that I am about three or four miles from where I actually am. Therefore, I don't want this on something I don't use outside.
Everyy time I try to navigate my phone freezes and restarts. Bad update
Keeps crashing after updated HTC rezound
The reason for the 1 star is that after the latest update the app crashes every time I use it which in turn restarts the phone. This happens on two HTC Sensation XE device both running ICS. Other than that the app is good when while it works.
Was working fine until update.  Now its just force closes.  Google messed up on this one... big time.
My HTC sensation hangs straight away or reboots in 5 minutes ov using navigation. Plz fix it
Wtf Google. Fix this app. Crashes my 4g sensation until then, I can't use this app
The latest maps update causes immediate restart of the HTC rezound every time you try to navigate. Please fix.
The latest maps update causes immediate restart of the HTC rezound every time you try to navigate. Please fix.
Sooo bad my htc sensation rebot more time when I update to this version	Sooo bad my htc sensation rebot more time when I update to this version
New update is absolutely horrible. Every time I open maps my phone restarts!!!! Fix that nonsense!!!!
DON'T LOAD THIS AND GO ON A TRIP. Crashes a REZOUND every time you run it. If you have loaded it, go into settings and "uninstall update".
Everytime when I want to use this app my phone automatically turns off..
Used to work great. After the update on Aug 16 2012... Whenever I open maps, it reboots my phone. I'm not going to pay for VZ Navigator. And I really don't want to use Microsoft but, it looks like Bing Maps is going to have to be the way I go. I can't believe Google hasn't fixed this yet. Or HTC hasn't figured it out yet. This problem is previlant with HTC phones. At least that is what I'm gathering from the internet reports.
crashes & restarts my phone.  don't install updates. I can't get it off now
Since last update my device reboot after while since app start. Until now it was without problems. Please help.
This is the app which is crashing HTC phones
Crashes phone everytime since last update. HTC sense. Please fix I need my google maps!
Crashes my HTC rezound.  Come on google get it together!!!
Maps now places an unnecessary 5mb 'pkg.dex' file in the app's data section (which also regenerates if deleted), despite the fact that it only needs to be generated and placed where the Dalvik cache is. That's why this app is so bloated now.
Since the new update Google maps does not work. It resets my phone and will not load. I loved this app but now can't use it. It all started this last weekend.
As many others its crashes each time I use it on my htc. Very bad new release!
After the new android update, phone crashes and restarts after being open for a bit. Is this a conspiracy to use Verizon's map?
The app size of 25Meg is way too big for my HTC Desire.  Bye bye
Great app, but latest update crashes my resound at every use. I went back to previous version for now. Please fix this update.
Since installing the update my phone keeps restarting, please fix!
Useful but my phone dont have enough memory to update.
I use to love this app but ever since the update It keeps rebooting my phone right when it starts to give direction. Please fix soon ....
Like many, I had updated and not used right away. Came to use it and it crashed my phone inside 60 seconds without fail, while on the way to somewhere I wasn't sure the exact location of. I was ready to lob the fone out of the window. Luckily my other halfs not updated fone was to hand. I googled it later to find I was one of many. I've gone back a version and now all is well in the world! Fix the crashes please, I do love the software.
I rated this app poor because the update is crashing my phone, every time I use the GPS my android phone restarts ):
When  open maps phone Crash and reboot after last update.
It needs a update ASAP because when ever I want to use it, it just restarts my phone so I can't use it and I need it.
I can't use maps or navigation for more than 15 seconds before it crashes and forces my HTC Rezound to restart. Maps Is completely broken now. Please fix this.
New update crashes and forces reboots when open on HTC Rezound with ice cream sandwich. Deleted update, previous version works fine.
Crashes my HTC sensation every single time I do a search. Used to love this...
Apps freezes, offline maps doesn't allow you to zoom in fully, won't cache areas of map that were allowed previously etc etc Lots of issues with these latest updates :-(
Open the app map shows up or black screen then it locks up and forces close.I'm going to update even thou the reviews aren't good can't be any worse
I don't know what happened with this update but now my phone power cycles everytime I pull up a location
HTC Rezound keeps restarting when using Google Maps. Please fix!!
The 6.10 update completely hoses the phone after one run.  It pegs the CPU and reboots the phone, even after multiple restarts (much like a virus).  The "system_server" function takes over and only time (and tons of battery) will finally stop it.  Avoid this update.
Since update force closes and reboots phone repeatedly. Please fix. Other than that amazing app.
Seen that several other users have had this problem too but since the update my phone crashes every time I open google maps. Really annoying to no longer be able to use the app.
Had to uninstall all updates and just use the baked in version.  Hoping for a fix, but for now, the current version of Maps is worse than useless for me.
I know you see all of these negative reviews please fix!!
After updating to the latest version any time I launch it my phone reboots.
Now it can never find my location never used to have a problem
Google maps is by far the best map app. But since the last update, 16th Aug 12, it keeps crashing and forcing a phone shut down 5 mins into using maps . Please sort it out Google.
He latest version of google maps is causing my HTC Rezound to reboot itself everytime I try to use the app. Not happy! Please fix this!
Good app. Shame it has reset ny phone a dozen tines since the last update though. Fix it please!
New update crashes HTC phones. Terrible. No excuses Google.
Everytime I try to use the most recent version of google maps my phone restarts. Fail.
New update of google maps sucks it crashes and turns off my phone after using it for about a minute. Please fix
This app was one of my favorites, used often but the latest update causes my rezound to crash shortly after opening the app.  This is the same comment as many other rezound users.  I hope this can be fixed soon or I will need to find another mapping app.
I used this app all the time, prior to the update, no issues. NOW won't work all it does is restart my rezound! Argh, uninstalled updates immediately!
Gone with last update! Phail!
Restarts phone!!! Update is garbage
App makes my phone restart after 2 minutes. Began after last update. Please fix... I will update back to five stars when fixed.Otherwise great application!
Every since the last update,  any time I open Google maps or latitude,  my phone shuts off and restarts.
Every time I open this newest gmaps, it restarts my phone. Very weird and annoying. Using old version for now.
My phone doesn't allow me to update this app. My phone and connection are fine. Sony Xperia Play
Crashes like crazy on my Sensation and causes phone restart. Please fix!
Everytime I try to use it, it reboots my phone. P.o.s. update! Fix this ish!
Used to be the greatest app I had until last update. HTC Rezound, now with last update,  system reboots any time app is opened.  Please fix ASAP! Used to be a 5 star app!
i cant use this voice guide thats why i m going to give rate 1......
It turns itself on and drains my battery. But the map is very accurate.
Causes phone to reboot since 6.10.0 update. Skip this update and wait for fix.
Was working great until the recent update, now it keeps crashing my HTC Sensation.
Update sucks! Uninstalled until fixed. Figure it out! HTC EVO.
Update sucks! Uninstalled until fixed. Figure it out! HTC EVO.
App now useless, fully reboots Sense UI within 30 secs of use.
Loved this app. Used it every day. Now can't get it to work at all. Please fix quick!
Update makes it crash all the time
My phone crashes and restarts about 30 seconds after I open Maps every time now since the last update. Loved it before that and used it all the time, but now it is seriously screwing up my phone. I've seen other HTC Rezound users with the same issue so google, fix this ASAP!
If I could give it a haft star I would. Keeps fc on my touch 4g, and gps is not accurate at all
Using a HTC Rezound with ICS. After installing update, phone reboots everytime I try to use Google Maps. Need to hurry up and fix this. Fix by uninstalling update.
HTC phone with ics. Opening maps causes my phone to freeze or reboot
New update sucks ! Everytime I try to use it. It freezes then restarts my phone ! Even after trying to reinstall the updates. Had to take the updates off to make it work.
This is GPS, so I need it to NOT crash. Use to be my fave app, now I can't use it. FIX THE CRASHING!
After the latest update as soon as I use Maps, my phone restarts automatically & then it's becomes very very slow until I manually restart it.. Please give a solution..
Maps is always my go to app for navigation. That being said I am so disappointed in the recent update. I can't get it to work at all! I was stranded in downtown Detroit with no direction help and I had to get to court for a custody hearing. I had to turn off auto updating and uninstall all updates. I am confident that they will fix the problem asap!
I have the same issue as all HTC Sensation users constant crashing and rebooting.
It make my phone reboot every time I try to use this app. Not very good .
Crashes phone after most recent update. Trying to uninstall updates.  Rezound ics stock
Crashed in new update.. Can't download...
Completely useless and reboots my Rezound after it updated to Android 4.0.
Maps restarts my phone every time I try and open the app. I've uninstalled it and re-installed it. Nothing works. Even if I accidentally hit the app on my home screen, it restarts my phone. Please fix. I don't want to get lost in my travels!
HTC Rezound forces restart when using Maps after Ice Cream Sandwich update.
Worked perfectly until most recent update. Maps and navigation reboot my device within 30 seconds of launching either now.
My sensation is not supporting compass after ics update nd phone restarts in compass mode
No navigation in Malaysia? Cannot save offline maps in Malaysia? Only in Malaysia these features are not available huh? Well I'll just keep using sygic then.
Since the last update my HTC Sensation XE crashes everytime I open Google Maps. Such a big shame because I used the app regularly before the update. I can't even uninstall the update because it seems to cause more crashes each time I try. What's the point !?!?!?!?
The last update crashes the phone and causes a reboot, especially when using streetview in maps.
Not working well on HTC REZOUND.
Latest update reboots my HTC rezound after the ICS update, uninstalled update and reverted back to older version and works fine now...please fix!
Dont install the new version if you wnt to use the latitude widget. Its gone!
Each time I try and use the updated app it causes the phone to restart, HTC sensation. Please fix...
What happend to search nearby????? Bad update!!!!!!!!
Newest update causes my htc resound to reboot. Before this update though, everything worked very well.
Should be able to download maps for whole of UK and not just a few small sections. Would be 5 stars if this was possible, useless otherwise for those of us without unlimited data on pay as you go.
I liked the old version better.
App continually crashes and causes phone, HTC sensation to re-boot. Previous version, no problems.
So as an HTC user I guess google has no interest in fixing the problem with the latest update crashing our phones. I have been forced to start using the T-Mobile bloat ware navigation app that came preloaded. There are a few things I like better about it although I have to compromise in other areas so... I guess I'm moving on. It was fun google nav. I will remember the good times.
Been using this app for a long time and loved it but...Latest update crashes and restarts my phone. VERY annoying! Had to uninstall maps.
Latest version crashes my phone and restarts every time I use. Please fix!! Because other than that its great
GOOGLE MAPS IS HOPELESS AS A GPS SYSTEM FOR TAIWAN. IT DOESN'T TELL YOU WATCH LANES ARE SCOOTER, EXPRESSWAYS AND WHAT TURN YOU SHOULD FOLLOW. MAYBE IT'S COZ ITS BUILT INTO MY PHONE THAT ITS CRAP I DONT KNOW, BUT A VOICE GUIDE WUD MAKE IT BETTER
Does not have satellite view
Restarts HTC rezound whenever you run a search.  Use mapquest instead.
I just updated to this version on my HTC phone running sense 3.6 and it crashes everytime I try to use it and causes my phone to restart.  Is there any way to step back to the previous version?  I had no major issues with that and was relying on being able to use maps for an upcoming trip.
Ever since I got the update Navigation and Maps will not run. Phone just restarts itself after a few seconds. Used to be great though.
Keep crashing my phone.  Want the old version back that worked :( loved this app, really disappointed!
Enable navigation in Finland
I concur with the otherd; great app untill the recent update made it useless....
I updated my HTC rezound with this and it would open up and run for a little while and then reboot my phone. Had to uninstall it.  Hope there is a fix soon.
It crashed seriously and made the phone reboot when locating the direction ....
Was working beautifully, then did system update and maps updated. Now as soon as I launch maps entire phone crashes and reboots. Only happens in maps. NOT HAPPY!
Constantly runs itself after being force closed. Lags like crap and wont allow full uninstall. Stupid app.
After my ICS OTA maps 6.10 crashes the phone and even on restart phone is wacky. Have to do a battery pull to get it working again. Hopefully this will get fixed soon.
Maps now needs 18 Meg! This is ridiculous. It is getting to the point I will have to uninstall as I am running out of space on my phone. Any possibility of transferring to SD?
Ever since ics update I can't use this app it crashes my HTC Rezound every time. Very sad here! Hope this problem is fixed in short order!!!  I uninstalled latest update . Version 6.3.0 is working on my HTC Rezound
Keeps crashing and restarting my phone after last update on 08/16... #HTC Sensation 4G User
Update please as phone reboots if I try to use Maps for more than 30 seconds. HTC Sensation XE, stock ICS Sense 3.6
Crashes every time on HTC Rezound. Makes entire phone reboot. Apparently on most HTC Phones too. Wait for the more updated version.
Crashes my phone every time, well almost, very unstable, and disappointing, but I'm hoping a fix will be there soon, then it'll be 5 star again
Serious bug causing reboot in the last version. Please patch.
Since the last update, it's crashing all the time after few seconds. Had to uninstall the update.
Latest update is rebooting the device. Unusable!
Google needs to get with it, a lot of htc users are complaining that this version of maps causes their phones to reset in the middle of navigation. Htc users should uninstall the updates to that maps will work properly. I'll wait for the fixes to this app for my HTC Rezound.
Reboots phone when I try to use it.  Verizon HTC Rezound Ice Cream Sandwich
Every time I pull up Google Maps, after a couple of seconds,  it turns my phone off and reboots.  Please fix!!!
Used to rate maps 5 but now a 1 because it won't let me rate a zero, fix and ill rate a 5 again....HTC rezound user, update well if I could use maps now it would be nice...since the update every time I try to use it my phone shuts down and restarts...had to uninstall the update so I could usr maps again. Google maps is the only map program I use. Please fix it to use with HTC rezound....I would like to have all the new goodies on maps too.
i don't know what's wrong. the gps signal locks in too late if not at all.  one time it actually picked up signal when i arrived at my destination; the entire trip was open highway.  as of late, i'm more disappointed than not.  : (
The map is awesome but the last update makes the phone restart almost instantly when launching the app. It's garbage now.
Crashes after 20 to 30 seconds on almost every HTC device causing a reboot.  How long will we have to wait for a fix for this popular app?  It's really frustrating to have to see the updates available notification all the time knowing you cannot install it if you wanna use maps.  Hello Google?  Are you listening?
I have a HTC phone and it makes my phone reboot ever time I try to use it fix it I love Google maps but this update sucks :(
After the latest update,it just became stupid !!!
farzi
Force restarts my phone when use on Droid rezound with icecream sandwich. Sucks!
Until this last update!  Like others have said, it forces my HTC rezound to reboot EVERY time I open it. I'm really sad because I use this app almost every day but can't now. Please fix this soon...
No satellite view in galaxy pop... And no option for change the view for normal to satellite...
Well it used to be almost flawless. Now it crashes and bugs my phone out or resets. Use this for work had to use a actual map. Urg 1st world issues
Can't stop it from crashing, have to keep uninstalling updates to work properly
layers option is not there....  m not able too see satellite view please fix it...  samsung galaxy PoP
Resets phone when I use navigation
Keeps crashing my HTC rezound, causing it to restart.
Forces crash every time! Used to be a favorite
Used to be fantastic, now Maps and navigation no longer work AT ALL with new update. Crashes phone. Had to uninstall all updates and go back to original maps for it to work again. HTC sensation. Minus 5 stars.
This app restarts my phone every time I use it...so bad!
Please address this Google. Maps is an amazing and pioneering app which when behaves as it is doing for a number of devices has a significant negative impact. I eagerly await the next update which I hope fixes this debilitating issue. I am disappointed regression did jot highlight this issue before it was deployed. Thanks.
Most recent update about a week ago makes it shutdown and restarts my HTC Sensation 4G. This is my most important and most used app, and have never reviewed any app in over a year, but thought this was serious enough to post and warn users. Google, please fix!!!
After I did update the new version my mobile is restarting every 5 mins. HTC sensation. Please fix, otherwise HTC sensation user  cannot use the latest update.
I used to love this app, now it just keeps force closing.please update so I can use it!!
Latest update sucks keeps rebooting my rezound uninstalling update till fixed.
Great app. I love the feature where it reboots my rezound.  Now instead of going to the power button and restarting, I can just open Maps.  Google FTW!
Crashes HTC rezound...will award 5 stars when fixed
Latest update didn't work, SGS2, won't even open now just a white screen with "Maps" at the top. No force close just hangs there and the back button won't work.
After recent update my y duos hang n not able  2 use dis app. Use fix dis
Can not use app after update keeps rebooting my Rezound!
wtf. everytime reboot.
Love this and everything google makes  but this app went down the you know what with the last update . Hopefully  New update will come and fix it . Until then , 1 star app.
My HTC device crashed since update to latest version! Not only mine. Most of my friend's HTC devices faces the same. Pls fix it! TQ!
Widget i used is gone. Crashes heaps as well
Got lost today and all this did was crash my whole phone not just the app been my fave app until now google needs to come out with a fix soon.
Terrible update and right befire my first trip to vegas
Satellite view is gone.Can't even go to my location.C'mon Google do something good next time...
Latest version crashes my phone, as so many others are reporting
Recent update forces HTC Sensation phones to restart.  Do not update until this is fixed.
Awful!  Nothing quite like being on a major interstate, with only GPS knowing where to go, and this app decides to reboot your phone.  Fix this soon please.  All other HTC users, uninstall map updates if you have been foolish enough to install this!
Fix plz
HTC Sensatio xe crashes every time and freezes phone. V.poor
6.10 Hangs phone & need to take the battery out! As Android does not support App2SD with system apps can't we have a Maps2
I was a big fan of Google Maps until recent update. It now causes my HTC to freeze and crash. Please fix.
New update causes my phone to crash and restart. Really annoying. I basically can't use it anymore
Like all other HTC users have reported the latest update it completely unstable.   After three seconds of use my phone simply crashes forcing the device to completely reset. It's incredibly frustrating. This has been a known bug for some time. When can we expect a fix??   Is there any way to uninstalll and reinstall the previous version?
The layers option is not available in latest version. Unable to show sattlite and terrain layers.
Keeps causing my HTC rezound to crash and reboot
Hate it keeps crashing and making my phone reset Fix this please
im using samsung s3 just bought it one week ago! everything was just working fine not untill i updated map grrr!!!!
Latest update resets my OS.
I use this everyday with my job but now it crashes every time I use it. PLEASE FIX
My HTC restarts every time I run the application.
I think it is very good but actually inappropriate for my screen and the data is very big so I couldn't update it. Please, make it appropriate for my samsung too, I very need this apps :-(
My HTC Rezound restarts everytime I use Maps now! I loved the app before the update, now its useless!!!! Please fix this bug asap!!!
HTC sensation crashes and reboots when using this update so have uninstalled And am using a previous version
Loved google maps until I updated to ice cream sandwich now it forces a restart every time I try to use it. It works if I uninstall all the map updates.
Freezes and restarts phone, doesn't work
This update as of 08/22/12, will crash your navigation. 1 star til fixed.
I can't save my location after update !!!!
I had this at 5* before the recent update. Now I'm pretty sure that its this that is causing my device to restart unexpectedly. Needs attention rapido!
Its not even telling me where to go anymore,its taking forever to load my destination
Worst experience ever with googles own apps :-( Wont even open Samsung galaxy pop (s-5570 )
Dos not even open says error on new update. Galaxy note 4.0
After update to v.6.10 crash just after start navigation. Forces system reboot. HTC Sensation 4.0.3.
HTC Rezound running latest ICS. When I pinch zoom on my location an let it sit, my phone reboots in about 10 seconds.
Fix it. No point using this app since it crash (cause freeze and restart) every single time since new update has been released.
Update seems to have a bug. Each time Google maps is accessed after installing the 8-16 update, my phone freezes then restarts. If using Bluetooth, the Bluetooth stops working and the phone has to be restarted or powered off then back on. I uninstalled the update and the app works fine.
Cannot update at all keep tell insufficient space when there is so much space
:(
Great app, but the recent update causes HTC phones to reboot instantly. I can't believe it takes Google over a week to fix such a severe regression.
Lol im being funny
After the recent ice cream update, my phone randomly restarts whenever I try to use any of the options
Another google product that fails. Constant crashes freezes asus pad, cant even load app sometimes. Now over 12mb, horrible.
Crashes and restarts htc sensation xe ice cream sandwich
I don't want this on my phone. But its been there fromthe day I bought it. :@
it's bad. no layer button. just uninstall update and back to the old one
Fix!
Please hurry with an update for the rezound reboot issue. I need my maps working again.
Constant crashing of phone while new update in use on sensation xe
Newest version causes phone to crash after a minute or so. HTC sensation.
Whats happened this has gone from one of most useful to useless apps just with one update (16/08)! Google please fix the persistant crashing asap! HTC Sensation
I can't find "my location" and "satellite view" option on the newest gmap version,that're the options i love to use most.this version isn't easy to use,it's not comfortable. I love previous version more than this.rate BAD.
Why remove a useful feature?
After the last upgrade my HTC Sensation is restarting every time i open the application. Please fix it!
It causes my sensation to freeze and restart please fix it
Prior to the Android 4.0 update and the subsequent google map update, my navigation software and interface functioned effectively. I need to use my navigation app daily for my job, because I can't use it at all I have rated this particular app. The glitches I have experienced with my Rezound are paralleled to all of the other complaints in these reviews: as soon as I try to use google maps, my phone reboots. I hope there will be an update soon to fix the glitches- untill then I am very unhappy with the app.
Keep having to force close wen I use it, wouldn't recommend it at this min
after updating the maps eeboot my phone .
Screen flickers, jumps around and flashes in a weird way. Seems like the phone cannot handle google maps at all! Galaxy S3
Can't even download this update
This update from Aug. 16th doesn't install on a LG P500. It downloads up to 55% then, after a while, starts the installation that fails with insufficient storage capacity. I have free 23 M internal storage and 300 M on SD card.
This app used to be flawless...now crashes & restarts my HTC Rezound every time I open it!
My HTC rezound keeps restarting everytime I access the app I have uninstalled the update. I will not update until you fix this problem
How pants is this now? Installed latest update on my HTC and all it does is crash and reset the phone. Used to use this loads, but now its impossible. Am looking for another map ap. Come on google, sort the bugs!
Was fine on my HTC Sensation XE until this upgrade (6.10). Now it crashes the phone after 30 secs of starting 'Maps' or 'Navigation'. The phone then reboots and promps me to 'Tell HTC', which I have done dozens of times now. Hundreds of others are reporting the same issue affecting this and other phones on the forums. This is wholly unacceptable and NEEDS RESOLVING URGENTLY!!
5 stars if it worked! HTC Sensation XE (ICS). Crashes phone causing soft resets every time maps app is started. Removing updates has fixed problem for now.  ?How does such a buggy update  get released?
Users, Please don't upgrade to latest update. it's stupid update. i getting frustrated after i update latest one. All features are missing.
Crashes n reboots my HTC sensation.I had to uninstall all updates and go back to the old stock Google maps in order to get around until this bug is fixed
Latest update causes my HTC rezound to restart anytime I try to search for something. Used to be my favorite app, now... Not so much.
The latest update causes my phone to restart.
I used to use it all the time but crashes my phone every time I open it. Can not use this app at all
HTC rezound freezing and restarts my phone everytime I open app.
Reboot my phone. Can't use offline cache. When I trying to make area offline its reboot my phone.
For galaxy y, dont update. It doesnt have my location button, no layers option
will not update until that is no longer a required permission
Keeps rebooting my HTC. Reported problem and HTC removed last update. Until fixed turn off auto update.
Google I used to love your maps. Now all they do is make my phone crash. Please fix quick.
I love google maps and navigation, but both were rebooting my HTC sensation everytime I used them. Have had to uninstall updates and run old versions till this issue is corrected. Such a shame and it appears to be affecting a lot of users:-( Solve the issue and I will give five stars back.
Every time. This app is now useless.
But recent update causes my phone to restart after a few minutes every time I use Google Map.
Makes my HTC sensation crash every time I use this app. Very annoying!
Since the the last update my HTC crashes each time I use Google maps. Please fix it.
Since I installed the last update yhe application freezes my HTC Sensation and then crashes the OS so that it's rebooting.. and this every single time!   I went back to the old version
As soon as you open it and try to use it causes your phone to restart
As soon as you open it and try to use it causes your phone to restart
Worked fine until last update. Now it just freezes and restarts my phone. I used to love Google maps but I think I'm going to have to use something else until they fix this.
Like many others, suffering from crash and reboot whenever I try to use maps now!! This was one of my most frequently used apps. I am so directionally senseless, this goof is interfering with my social life! I can't get anywhere
New update loads faster, but there is no option of "layers" for satellite views and "my location" to update/to know my present location.
I like it, it works like I assume but on my Samsung Galaxi Mini the menus are simply not visible :-( Layers, my position, latitude etc. can not be used :-(:-(:-(
isme my location option nahi h. carrect location nahi batata pahla hi acha tha.
With new update, always restarts phone when using app
This was my most used app now I can't use it cuz it causes my phone to reset every time... Please hurry and fix this issue I hate using my Garmin... Sad very sad :'(
Google: Fix this app! This app reliably crashes my HTC Sensation 4G everytime it is launched. Real people rely on this app to navigate unknown areas and face personal and professional consequences when it unexpectedly fails.o Shame on y'all for not already fixing this.
My phone its REBOOTING when using this app for more than a minute!! Useless.. fix this bug plzz . Using HTC sensation 4G
Since the update my rezound will reboot when trying to use Google maps. Unfortunate because I love this app.
The new updates made my phone crash! Could barely keep the app open for 2 minutes! Had to start using map quest!
I love google maps but the new  update is the worst possible thing ever download on my phone since I've been with verizon,anytime I try to use it it shut my phone off,you guys need to fix it
The new update drains the life out my battery!  Even when I'm not using it and all location settings are off... on lg marquee
Now that my HTC Rezound has the Google Maps update and Icecream Sandwich, it crashes and restarts my phone within seconds whenever I open it. Prior to this, Maps was the reason I got a smartphone in the first place. It used to be incredibly useful. Please fix!!
The latest update has maps running all day and restarts itself when forced stopped.  It has used 92% of my battery each day since.  LG G2x
This update has made this app useless.
Ever since i upgraded, the application says the map is not available in my location?? Why??
Itz not even worth a star. -5 stars like it. Don't use it unless you want to get lost, run out of battery and have your day ruined.
Used to work great, now Phone CONSTANTLY reboots whenever I use it really sucks to need it and it lets you down
This app crashes every time I use it. I loves this.app but now. It just frustrates me to no end. Please fix asap
This makes my phone restart within the first couple minutes of using it. I was mountain biking in the middle of the forest and it doesn't work.
Just like the rest of the reviews, phone reboots just seconds using it. Please fix for 5 stars.Not  going to install till New update fix. HTC rezound
What a POS app now it restarts my HTC rezound
Used to have no issue before, but now causes my HTC Sensation to crash and reset itself. Or gets hung-up in which case I have to restart the phone. Ugh!!!! Hello, HTC and Google!! Seems a lot of the HTC phones crash with this app.....
HTC Sensation 4G.  I cannot stand this last update. Everytime I open maps it crashes my phone and reboots it. The longest I have been able to use the phone before it crashes is about a minute and is very sluggish at best. I had to go in and out install all updates for google maps. Hope they can fix this update to work with the phone again.
App repeatedly crashes and reboots phone.  What a letdown.  Not what I expect from Google.
Crashes/shutsdown my phone now EVERY time and google maps is now unusable.
Latest update causes phone to restart when using nav. PITA !
This update sucks , giving navigation problem and it takes too much time to locate device.
Installed and phone kept rebooting after route would start #googlefail
Fix this.
This was a GREAT app until the updates. It may be my phone (Samsung Dart) causing the problems: no search bar so I can't access layers, no my location feature to name a few, thought updates were supposed to make things better and easier. Will manually update from time to time to see if things have really improved or not
I updated it but when I wanted to use, my cellphone restart automatically so I uninstalled it and now the previous version is working without any problem.
This app used to be great, but the latest update causes my phone to reboot.
New update sucks. Options like layers my location local etc doesnt appear. Previous was good.
This app has become completely unusable and a liability on my device. Everyone I use it, the app causes random phone restarts. A formerly good piece of software has become complete crap.
Do not download the update for Aug.16 for the Rezound and other HTC devices! It will cause crashes and reboots!
Worked flawlessly for years across devices, but recent update crashes the Rezound. Open app, you don't even have to do anything in it, and it will force a restart of the phone, not just of the app. Please, please, please fix!!!
So this was great until the update, not it crashes my HTC sensation and reboots anytime I try to use it.
GPS will not work with Google maps on occasion. From reading the reviews it seems to be happening on Motorola phones.
Since updated this app freezes my phone anytime it is used for more than a few minutes. Please fix.
Complete garbage, makes my NEW HTC crash and restart EVERY time.
WTF is up with HTC and google maps crashing. Since the New update my phone keeps crashing. Back to my Garmin Nuvi. Google is hitting a lot of foul balls lately. Come On Google we need a home run here.
I had to rate this otherwise I wouldn't have even given this app 1 star. It used to be great. Now you programmers are either getting dumber or you just don't know how to leave well enough alone. Here's a hint just fix the app for the phone models having issues, because now after having to update to "editors choice" I can no longer use this app... it no longer loads. Thanks for that.
HTC rezound restarts every time you open the updated maps. Use to be one of my favorite apps now one of my least favorite.
Went to store today because phone kept restarting when using app ... Said it was the app... Beware
In recent update I lost many settings, and layers. Maps is waste without layers.
I use this app all the time and used to love it. Recent update keeps crashing the whole phone every time I start the app. Please fix!
Since the last update it keep on force to close, it messedit up. Please fix!I use this app everyday. HTC EVO 3D
Pls add the navigation for Asia countries.... without nagivation = useless
The latest update crashes my phone after about 1 min. Of use any kind of use.. Phone reboots but has no 4g or 3g signal have to reboot again to get it back. never had problems with maps before. HTC rezound rooted running Scott's clean Rom ICS
I used to love my Google Maps, but since the most recent update I am looking into other options.  It never gets my location right anymore...and because of that often reroutes me in completely the wrong direction.  Disappointing...
I luv this app a lot & always use it but there is a problem in the top bar in my phone I can't see it my phone is samsung galaxy fit
Not sure what you did but there are too many broken links from one part of the app to another. For example when you go from the maps screen to the offer screen and then press the nav button to go back to maps it freezes. Come i.e. google, you're better than that.
I just cleared the cache, which was over 7MB, and it ballooned back up to about 6.5MB as soon as I opened it fresh. When my handset has less than 18MB of free memory, it prevents me from txt'ing and makes everything slow. I'll switch back to using VZ Navigator if this continues much longer.
PLEADE READ COMMENTS AND FIX THE PROBLEM QUICL.ANY THANKS. HTC USER
useless app ever due to the recent update.  no layers option which used to be my fav   nd many more options lost wid da new update   dont get fooled by the samle pics of app above  dey r fake...
It crashes after about 2 seconds.
New update makes my HTC sensation 4g crash and reboot constantly around 4 times an hour fix now google
App crashes on htc rezound
READ THE FINE PRINT PEOPLE ! ! !
do not update to the latest upgrade, it restarts my phone everytime after launch the app
Had to go back to old version. Please fix. Rezound ICS
System crashes and phone restarts every time I use navigation.
Since the most recent update, the app crashes and forces my phone to completely reboot. HTC sensation.
Everytime I open google maps after last update it restarts my phone. One star now. It used to be 5 stars
The app can't never find my location ???  PLEASE FIX !!!!
Had to uninstall update--phone crashed every time I turned on gps...
Last update crashes my HTC phone! Fix it!
Updated my HTC Rezound to Android 4 OS recently and the new maps update is not compatible. Maps crashes my phone every time I open it, forcing a restart. Will work if I uninstall updates to Maps.
Uninstall the update until it is fixed,mine also was crashing,til I uninstall the update,its working back regular
Restarts my phone everytime i try to use now .. please fix i use this on a daily basis n need it bak asap fix please
Latest update crashes stock Rezound.
Love this app but since updating my Resound to ice cream sandwich it crashes my phone. Sob.
With this new update I can't use the app at all because it crashes and restarts my phone everytime.
You guys f@#$ed this all up this time! If its not broken don't fix it!
Latest update won't open on my phone. I have been using for over a year. Phone reboots. Something is terribly wrong.
Just got back to Google Map 6.81 where Google Map is FULLY FUNCTIONAL!!!
Latest update restarts my HTC rezound each time I begin navigation.   Ridiculous.
Nothing is good for HTC wildfire
As of august 21, it crashes nav and maps within about 10 seconds. Uninstall the latest update and disable auto updates ans you will be okay.
Crashes my HTC Rebound!
Please fix this crashing issue on HTC devices ASAP!!  I cannot and will not use an app that crashes EVERY SINGLE time!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Causes my phone to crash everytime!!!
Not updating hate the new update!
After recent update my HTC Rezound crashes when using maps and navigation. Had to roll back to original installation.
Bad update!! I lost everything on my home screens immediately after the update and my location is so far off it's ridiculous!!  Don't make and update unless it's worth updating and this one is NOT!! PLUS, what's with the privacy settings??  Do u really need to know everything I say & do via text?!?! NO! that's not your business or anyone else's besides mine.. these apps with that security setting should be banned for invasion of privacy!!
This is my most used app, I had to delete the most recent updat because it keeps rebooting the phone....FIX IT!!!!!!
Last update a shocker.  It is slow and laggy and CONSTANTLY and CONSISTENTLY causes my Sensation XE to reset itself after a minute or two's use.  How? Why?
I usually use this app as my navigation. After the update it was telling me to go the wrong way down a one way. Also it has a 10 second delay...tells me to turn after I pass the street. Absolutely horrible!
Every time I use maps since update it reboots my phone.
Crap
THIS UPDATE IS CAUSING HARD CRASHES to HTC SENSATION phones. Do not update until they fix the issue. READ THE COMMENTS FOR YOUR PHONE BEFORE UPDATING ANYTHING- ANY APP! BUT THIS IS BAD, & I LUV MAPS! CAN'T EMAIL DEV / GOOGLE TO COMPLAIN. HOPE THEY R READING COMMENTS!!
I use this app all the time, but ever since the latest updates my phone would restart every time I try to use it. Please fix soon, really need it. Will rate 5 stars when fixed. HTC rezound.
Does not work on my Rezound.  Constantly reboots phone.
This used to be a great app. New update sucks. My phone reboots every time I open it. Please fix soon. Too bad you cannot give negitive star ratings. I would give it a negative 5 star rating.
I love this app and have used it since i got my first smart phone over a year ago but since the last update it doesn't seem to work at all!
Updated version causes my HTC Rezound to reset whenever I attempt to use it.
Normally a great app but latest version crashes and restarts phone all the time :'(
Makes my phone restart ever time I click on the app. ReZound
With the new update, my phone reboots after launching Google maps or Google navigation. Very annoying! It's been 5 days already, where's the fix?
With the new update, my phone reboots after launching Google maps or Google navigation. Very annoying! It's been 5 days already, where's the fix?
The new update continues to shut down my phone when I activate the google maps app.  Need to wait to update until  google works this out.
Latest update caused my phone become very slow also o can not get direction any more
Please, please fix the crashing/rebooting problem on the rezound.
HTC Sense crashes everytime I open it. Please fix.
Updated, and makes my phone crash every time I open. Crap.
Similar to others, with the new software update, my Google Navigation incessantly restarts and is currently not usable. It WAS great. I have to look into downgrading.
Formerly great app rendered completely unusable by the latest update. Guaranteed to crash the entire phone on my Evo3D. Please fix asap, Google.
Please fix!!!
On the latest update, My HTC phone reboots after 30 seconds of launching the app. Not happy with Google maps and HTC!!! Fix it plz.
Had to uninstall it as it takes to much memory!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Keeps rebooting my phone after new update!!!
Love previous versions of the app, but the latest update causes the app to freeze shortly after launch, then reboot my phone. HTC Rezound
Cannot be removed or closed. Just restarts. Awesome, more pre-installed Google spyware!
Since last update Makes my HTC reboot every time. Not cool! Please fix!!
Bullshit  after update its trying to ruin my fone. When i open it my device restarted ant time
Instant FC and reboot. T-Mobile UK ICS stock OTA update.
Since the last update my HTC SENSATION restarts itself after 2 minutes of using this app.. please fix and give the update at the earliest..
I uninstalled the update from my resound. It screws everything else up. Maybe the app would be good if it didn't scew up my phone every 10 seconds
Crashes my Sensation, locks on a location, freezes and reboots my phone.  WTF people?  I rely on maps every day
...which, in turn, corrupts my other app's configs. Thanks...
Crashes every time the applicaton is launched, restarts HTC sense, started upon recent update
Always use this app because I travel for work every week.  Now, I open it, then it restarts my phone everytime.  Very disappointed.  Please fix this.  HTC Rezound
The most recent update causes my Rezound (ICS) to reboot after viewing a map for about 60 seconds.
Upto last update worked perfectly but immediately after latest update it just causes the phone to restart after about a minute of use, come on Google sort it out
Like so many others, ICS upgrade has made this app useless on my Resound.  I hope it gets fixed soon.
Crashing out fix it!
Phone crashes while using. HTC Rezound 4.0.3
Everytime I have this app open for more than a couple of seconds it crashes my phone and restarts
Keeps phone in awake status. Drains battery.
I don't know what the last update did but EVERYTIME I try to use this app it closes n restarts my phone. EVERYTIME! I used this app all the time so please fix!!! 5 stars when fixed. HTC
Phone freezes and restats
Each time I attempt to use maps or navigation (one in the same) my phone crashes and restarts.  Using HTC Sensation 4G.  Fix and get your stars back.
After a min or so of opening Gmaps my htc sensation resets completely only with latest update, how do i contact them? 5 stars usually!
HTC Sensation now crashing continuously...FIX PLS!
This app was doing fine until this last update, now it's a waste of memory! All this app do is cause your phone to get incredibly hot, then crash, each and every time! They should have left it as it was before. Don't want to damage a good phone with a crappy app, will probably uninstall.
Crashes HTC Rezound running Ice Cream Sandwich. Had to uninstall update. Luckily, previous version still works fine. Until they fix this, I have to keep ignoring the 'you have updates' notification for maps.
Makes my phone reboot every time please fix
Latest update forces reboot of phone, ICS rezound....useless if can't use it, needs fixt
Everytime I try to get directions it turns my HTC Rezound off
Please fix this issue soon!! It's getting very frustrating.
Horrible update. Crashes my HTC Rezound.
While ICS update messed up my phone entirely and crashes have become a three times a day thing, maps update came as another dissappointment. Crashes as soon as I launch. I used to love this phone and Google Maps. Now i am thinking of switching back to Nokia.
Updateblows. Doesnt give direct directions. You have to restart it.disgust
I usually love google maps but ever since the new update my HTC sensation freezes but usually shuts off PLEASE LOOK INTO THIS IT'S AN ACTUAL PROBLEM THANKS GOOGLE
Need to sort locations by distance, nearest to farthest,  not some random order that makes no sense.   It used to sort ny distance and it was great!   The current method is dumb! In using it more, I see no improvement over the previous version.  Give me the last version back!!!!
It restarts every time i open maps, after updated to latest version
No longer usable on HTC REZOUND. Crashes phone every time app is used.
My phone freeZes and restarts every time I try to navigate or get directions. What a crock!
Not very impressive for a flagship app!
Restarts phone when I try to search since update! Useless now! Please fix! Used to be awesome
Crashes every time I used it. Terrible update. Was fine before the most recent update.
I seemed to have lost all my friends on Latitude and I can't add them back at all.  Any suggestions?
Updated to the latest version of Google Maps - ever since then my phone keeps crashing and rebooting whenever I am using Google Maps
My locations not allow me to follow navigator on my current positions.Must scroll n follow the arrow manualy.And I cant change the map type to sattelite view like the old version.really sucks!
Update causes phone to freeze & restart.  I really used to love this app.  Please fix!
Latest update suks, just restart mobile evry time I use it :-(
Latest update causes my Rezound to reboot. Will rate 5 stars again once fixed.
I use this app all the time now that I got the update it freezes and shuts down. Restart the phone
Total restart about a minute after closing..uninstalled updates..works great again..fast and reliable. Wtf happened with this update??!!  Was fine before (apart from being a bit funny with Swype keyboard..) Don't think I'll be updating again. HTC Sensation.
Since update it crashes and restarts my HTC sensation, maybe you should test before releasing it.
The new update always make my htc sensation restart when use google maps apps. Please fix. It very useful n fun apps
As others have posted, new update crashes and restarts phone. Uninstalled updates and works fine. Would think Google would have the expertise to get right the 1st time.
The newest update now crashes my phone when I UAE this app. Worst time, as I am working in another city and rely on this app heavily to find locations and directions for my crew. Please fix app soon, thanks.
Just got updated and it cause my HTC sensation to freeze and restart everytime I use maps. I hope they gonna fix this issue fast.
Since last update it is much faster, but on the HTC phone it has no user menu so you cannot now return to your location, nor can you show layers, nor a whole host of things. The help is useless.
The new update keeps restarting my phone.. I'm clueless
It was a great app until this morning when I installed the update.  It made my phone crash repeatedly.  I uninstalled it and all is well.  I hope there's a fix on the way.  As of now, it's garbage.
HTC Rezound with stock ICS crashes within a few seconds of opening Maps v6.10.0 every time.
Reboot everytime, New since ice cream sandwich please fix this. You app is trash now.
It seems like this app isn't setup to run on the new Ice Cream Sandwich OS. Is there a fix?
Crashes phone everytime I opened it, had to rollback to original version. Get it fixes cuz it looks good.
My location doesn't work
Latest update crashes HTC sensation running ics plse fix
I updated my google maps last week to this and everytime I used navigation my phone cuts off. Please fix this issue I was unable to find game stop in my area lol
With the new update my phone restarts everytime I have the new maps opened for a minute or two.
I love Google maps but this new update is very disappointment. Makes my HTC restart each time I try to use it. Ineed of a fix.
Please fix issues caused by recent update.  My HTC Sensation 4g tmobile crashes every time I use Maps.    other than that I have had no problems and have enjoyed the recent mods to the app.  Sort out your app for all us HTC users and I'll revise my rating.
LG Spectrum Since update cannot get GPS signal which renders app useless.  Was a great app.  PLEASE FIX!!!
Click in Google maps. Then my phone reboots over and over. I have to shut my phone down. Then turn it back on to get it to stop. I need this app. Not good with directions. I use this at least twice a week. Was good till the update. Needs to be fixed.
Please fix ASAP! HTC resound.
Package file invalid. Sort it out.
After installing Update...maps restarts my HTC rezound on New ice cream sandwich
Not working on my HTC resound.. please fix ASAP
the satelite view is missing after the latest update
Since the last update the entire phone restarts after a few minutes of using this app. Please fix! I had to uninstall all updates for this app and I'm back to factory settings.
Causes my phone to crash every time I use it after it updates.  Glad I'm not lost right now. HTC rezound user
Recent update crash my HTC  Sensation too often to be of any use,very disappointed that updates aren't thoroughly tested before release.
too slow
Freezes & restarts my phone EVERYTIME I use it, since last update. This is so annoying Please please please fix.  - HTC Sensation
By far the worst update ever. Dont upgrade to this version. The phone crashes and reebots everytime use this app.
I'm using ICS and after updating Google Maps to this latest version every time I open the app it causes my phone to crash. Please fix!
Crashes every few minutes when not in use. Every few ,minutes I have to press OK or REPORT. Submitting reports is useless, the devs clearly don't know how to QA and fix their own code. Extremely annoying and ridiculous. Not even worth one star now.
Keeps reseting my HTC sensation
Five stars acrually, but HTC sensation reboots every time while using maps. Cancelled all updates, works fine now. Pls fix
Was brilliant until.recent update which makes my HTC sensation crash.... And d worst possible time - when away from home! Please fix soon....
No workie after update
I loved the previous version. It worked perfect. Now this time around the maps work fine but as soon as I set Navigation my cell phone HTC Sensation 4G restarts itself every time so I can't even use it anymore. Please fix
The update caused my HTC Rezound to reboot seconds after any attempt to use the app. :( I uninstalled the update and it works ok again though. We need a fix for the updated version.
App doesn't work since updated to ICS. Reboots phone when app is started.
Ever since the last update, using the navigation causes my HTC Rezound to completely shutdown & restart.  PLEASE FIX ASAP!  UNINSTALLING UPDATES TILL THEN.
Freezes and reboots when I try to use it.  HTC Rezound
I currently have the HTC rezound, before the last update for my phone it worked, now it crashes and cuts off my phone. Fix it soon please
Causes phone restart on navigation since last update. Will change back to 5 when fixed.
Restart my phone every time!
The new update is horrible won't even get directions KEEPS RESTARTING MY PHONE
Your app is making my phone crash everytime I open it.  This last update sucks
Constantly losing gps signal... its useless to me.  I uninstalled updates and got telenav. It works perfectly.
Since the last update every time i use maps my HTC restarts itself. I deleted the update and use the previous version now...
Fix this isuue where it crashes my HTC Rezound every time its launched. Didn't do that before the last update.
Using this app causes my phone (HTC Rezound w/ICS) to restart. Please fix this issue for a 5 star rating!!!
Will update once the crashing is resolved.
Crashes every time
Where s that satelite view pls?
Doesnt have layer option for traffic and sattelite view  ... Both right top options please fix this for samsumg galaxy 551 :-(
very poor locating system.., pointed me far from the where I am for like 5km
What did u do? This was perfectly fine app and then update makes my HTC sensation xe crash and restart. Don't fix something when it's not broken arghh
It's a great app, but after the latest update my phone crashes and reboots every time I use the app, and doesn't even reboot the right way, need to manually reboot also each time... Please fix!
The latest update used up the battery in my tablet, even when it was switched off!
Latest update causes device reboot.
Very laggy Very Slow Plz move to SD card Needs a whole lot of improvements
I'm using this from Turkey wish i didn't get that manual update now i can't pre cache the area i live. Make accessible again! ! Otherwise useless. And loading speed has decreased so much!
As a long time and avid Google Maps user, I am very disappointed with the latest update which keeps restarting my HTC Sensation. I have now uninstaller this update and will not update until Google fixes this bug.
HTC resound running Ice Cream Sandwich crashes everytime navigation is opened. This is the only app I use for navigation.... Very disappointing.
New update for Google maps on HTC sensation sucks!! Easy fix, uncheck automatic updates for google maps, then uninstall it, then restart your phone, it will go back to default google maps which works the best!!!
Used to work perfectly before the last update. Everytime the app is opened my phone reboots. I use this app quite often. Fix asap!!
Des de fa dies q aixo falla mes q una escopeta de fira! Amb HTC fatal!
Can't check in Never ever  Even once,always failed
This used to be one of my favourite apps but recently it constantly crashes when using navigation mode. Needs some serious attention.
Causes my HTC Rezound to restart after a few minutes of use.
keeps force restarting need to fix this ASAP. I use this everyday and now it's worthless. Please please fix.
After updating to latest version, my HTC sensation keeps resetting. Not very useful!
Since updating to latest version crashes and reboots Android phone making the app useless since I cannot use it.
Man! New update does not work with my HTC rezound! Once I open it and I'm on it for like 10sec. It restarts my phone. Not once, but everytime I open it. Aahhhhh! Please fix. Smh.
This new version is faulty, whenever I go into it, my phone HTC Rezound) turns off and restarts! TIP: Just uninstall the update and use the "factory" version of google maps. That one works just fine no need to go back to mapquest.
Hurry an sort out this new up-date its making my phone crash, had uninstall all updates an go bk 2 the old google maps, which it still really gd, hope u sort it soon would like 2 c what the update is like HTC XE
Htc rezound , restart phone each time application is used.
Was 5 stars ..update now1... grrr it puts locations on different side of street now ...really????  No ... really???  Wtf!!! Smh	Sux now
Never used to have a prob. Till their latest update and my phone switching to the new ice cream sandwich. Now it runs for prolly 5 sec and crashes my phone.
Amateurs, you're crashing my phone! What's happening with Google these days?
Since update now maps force rezound to reboot
Since update now maps force rezound to reboot
New version is really sucks, It crashes every time i run g Maps latest version, It doesnt work with sence 3.6 and restart the phone.....previous one better
I travel for a living, and this app used to be priceless for finding things to eat and do around hotels. After the recent update, it is unusable, it just cycles my phone on and off before I can get any useful info from it.
cannot offline in my area. direction alway get trafik jam. and not update map
I'm a fan of most stuff from the Chocolate Factory, and happen to prefer Google Maps to any other. What have you done to the latest release though? It crashes my phone resulting in a soft reset every time I use it or any of the coupled apps such as navigation or latitude. I'd have expected an update to fix this by now. Along with certain functionality online not working occasionally, I'm starting to think you're letting your reputation slip!!! Get on it!
New update makes maps crash on my rezound. Really inconvenient when I'm lost in the city I just moved to. I've read that uninstalling updates fixes it, but if we HTC users have to not use the latest build because it won't let us... Well, we will have to go somewhere else.
I cant even open the app for 1 minute when it resets my HTC Sensation...very frustrating! Plz fix quick!!!
Every time I have used google maps since the last update my HTC Sensation has had a complete system crash and had to restart
Latest update to maps has caused my Sensation XE to restart everytime I've used it. Very frustrating!
Crashing too much...
Rubbish. Everytime I turn it on it restart my phone.
I have both data and GPS on and I can only get as accurate as 1500 meters. Helpppp
Makes my HTC restart everytime I try to use it.
What have yall done to maps?! It always freezes my phone, takes up to much memory, and with the latest update yall took off Layers and added a bunch of crap I dont need. One of my most used functions was the satellite view! I cant use it if the map doesnt have the Layers option! Will get 5 stars if the problems are fixed
Restarts my phone when I open maps
The new version was supposed to improve the saving of offline  maps, but it has removed the old cache functionality without enabling the new one in many areas.
Doesn't have my position, latitude joining, layers like satellite view, wikipedia  which were available in the previous update
I am using HTC explorer, when i open the app it shows " Google Maps Navigation is not yet available in this location". I live in Rourkela, Odisha. Can any one help?? Google team please reply.
was an excellent and useful app that I used  regularly. Now freezes & force closes after 20sec. please fix ASAP
With the latest update my rezound keeps crashing Nd rebooting. Fix this already!!
The latest update causes my htc sensation to restart. Fix it!
was great until last update
Since update, immediately force closes when doing simplest tasks. Broken for HTC ReZound running ICS. Will re-download when fixed.
Crashes all the time since the new update. Put it back the way it was, please!
The new version is WORSE!? More difficult to use, no layers and sattelite option, and help section is useless
Loved this app. Since update crashes all the time HTC. Update to change icon of app not worth it!
Forces close ..New update needs to be fixed
This doesn't even load to the maps it just keeps saying loading !!!! Use to work before it was upgraded and now it SUCKS !!!
I'M THE OWNER OF AN HTC REZOUND WITH THE LATEST ICS UPDATE (OTA FROM VZW). THE ORIGINAL GOOGLE MAPS WORKED FLAWLESSLY. THIS UPDATE FREEZES MY PHONE AND REBOOTS IT CONSTANTLY. i HAVE EVEN CLEARED THE DATA AND CACHE FROM MY PHONE AND DID A CLEAN RE-INSTALL AND STILL GOT THE THE SAME RESULTS OF CONSTANT REBOOT. IF YOU ARE A REZOUND OWNER, DO NOT DOWNLOAD. GOOGLE PLEASE CLEAN UP YOUR MESS AND FIX THIS APP!!.
I love this app but latest update makes my HTC Rezound restart every time I open it.
No good, phone restarts itself when I try use this app.
Forces HTC rezound reboot.
For everyone else having it crash/restart your phone, go to settings, apps, and uninstall the updates for this app until Google comes out with a fix.
The newest version keeps restarting my ReZound spontaneously.  Need to switch back to the old version every morning so it can stay on.  Im with Brandon on this one....Crap-Quest here I come.
I love this app, but the new version for 4.0 crashes my phone in 3 seconds every time!  Thought it was a problem with my phone, and actually replaced my phone through warranty, but still doing the same thing!  Fix it!!
If you update Google map it will keep rebooting your phone if you are a HTC user
This new update is a complete letdown! It worked perfect until the new update came out and now it freezes and restarts within seconds of running.
Apps shuld get better with updates. How is google going to take out features like "my locaton" and "layers" two of the features I use the most by the way, and yet even with reductions in functionality the app gets bigger and slows down almost to the point of being unusable. Switch to waze everyone. At least until google gets their act together
This update force closes about 1 minute into doing anything. I would wait til they fix it. I wish I would have! I uninstalled the updates til they fix. Using waze more now, may stick with it.
If you want an app that crashes and reboots your device and completely annoys you then you ate in luck!!!
With the latest update, my phone constantly hard reboots and crashes after just a few seconds of use.   I need maps back. Please fix now! Android is entirely useless without a maps application.   HTC Sensation stock rom.
Recent update causes it to crash once I start the app. It also screwed up my latitude. All the people I had on there is gone. Please fix ASAP!
HTC sensation xe. Since update this app keeps crashing my phone. Prior version much better...
This update sucks. I have a HTC rezound and everytime I open it my phone shuts down
Cannot show my current location
Since the upgrade, I can no longer use the app. It shuts down and reboots my phone. How do I get the old version back? I use a HTC REZOUND w/ICS.
Please fix!
Keeps running in the background days after I'm done using it. Please fix! Also sometimes takes me miles out of the way for no reason.
Most recent update keeps crashing my phone, had to revert to previous version.   Loved this app,  please let us know once this is fixed!
Running android 4.0.3. Had to uninstall update.  Causes phone to reboot when a search is attempted.
Can't uninstall from phone. Can't hear voice anymore. It really sucks now
Latest update crashes phone and forces reboot. Please fix. HTC Rezound
I couldn't clear the map of old location markers. Fine before update. What is with updates fkng up decently running programs! I dumped the updates, now ok.
Since update crashes my HTC Rezound.  Please fix I uninstalled updates works pretty good.
HTC Rezound, ICS...
This new version once launched crashes my HTC Rezound and reboots. I tried to uninstall and re-install with the same result. I'm back to running the older version and it now works fine. Very disappointed.
Makes my phone reboot!!!
My phone keeps shutting down now after the update.
Really awesome app, but this last version is rebooting my phone every single time I try to use it.  PLS FIX IT!
Every since I installed this new update it restarts my phone every time I go to maps. Plz fix!
Used to work well, but crash repeatedly after the latest update.
Constant force close with fascinate. Used to be amazing, now works 1 out of 25 times.
I've tried updating this app several times. It updates successfully, but EVERY time I try using it, my phone automatically restarts. Clearly, this is not an improvement.
Great update but needs speedometer, miles to arrival, est arrival time, and zoomed in lane guidance, speed limits, & more cache options.
Crashes rezound on ICS every time.......please fix the bug google!
HTC  rezound maps and navigation now dont work. I don't know if it is because of the maps update or the ICS phone update, but now, like all the rest of the people complaining about their HTC and maps, my phone also restarts within 30 seconds of using navigation or google maps, every single time I use it.
With new update it crashed and reboot when I tried using it on my HTC XE ICS.
In the middle of driving. Until you learn to test your updates on the field, this gets 1 star.
This update hang my htc.... Gave one star because have to give at least one
I have an HTC rezound and this latest upgrade power cycles my phone
THIS ***** KEEPS RESTARTING MY PHONE AFTER LATEST UPDATE!!!!! DOESN'T WORK!!!! FIIIIIX IT ASAP!!!! IT'S A PIECE OF ***** RIGHT NOW!!!!
On last update maps won't stay open for more than 5 seconds without crashing. Very sad. I'm on Google nexus s 4.1
After the ICS update my phone immediately freezes and keeps rebooting until I take the battery out after using Google Maps. Please fix ASAP.
HTC desire
Always crashin my Sensation, had to unload. Sadly looked the part with more user friendly features. Is like a MS op system, crashin + untested
This latest version is UNUSABLE as it  causes my HTC Rezound (OS 4.01) to CRASH and REBOOT whenever I do a search in Maps. Please fix ASAP!!!
With new update ,I can't search or share as it slows phone and then reboots everytime
My phone keeps restarting since the most recent update. Will change back to 5 stars when it's fixed
HTC rezound crashes and reboots every time I try to use maps or navigation since the newest update. Please fix this, it would really be a five star app if not for this serious defect.
Fabulous app but the latest update causes my tab to start. Needs urgent fix.
Doesn't work on HTC devices. Reboots phone every 30 seconds or so.
Apparently you can roll back an update..by going to Settings > Apps > Google Maps > Uninstall updates.  This version (6.10) introduces reboots after starting Maps. Looking at reviews, it seems it's a Sensation thing.  Unusable. AndroidRuntime: FATAL EXCEPTION etc... Thank Titanium Track for Titanium backup!
Thank you google for turning my favorite app into a loadfest. Its good to know that when ever I want directions I just have to start the app half an hour in advance.
WTH! All of a sudden it turns off my phone. And so does the navigation. Fix ASAP!!!_!_ HTC rezound.
HTC  sensation user since last update phone does nothing but crash  was 5 star hard to even give 1 hope sorted soon as this was very useful app
If you have an HTC phone, do not update to the latest version. I get about 30 seconds into using the app and it freezes and reboots my phone. I couldn't really tell you if the new features are any good, can't get the app to stay running long enough to try them. I hope they fix this soon, I use maps a lot, and I have nothing for now.
Since the new update last week everytime I use Google maps and only Google maps its doesn't force close it restarts my entire phone has done this several time please fix it this is an app I use on a  daily basis and would like it to work properly. I read the other comments and seems pike its happening to all the other rezound owners as well. So I uninstalled the update like others had done now the traffic widget doesn't work at all ugh FIX IT ASAP PLEASE!!!!!!!!
If Im at home it figures out where I am or when I connect to any wifi, otherwise forget it. The GPS is always 20 miles off or it stays at the last known location.
maps not accurate and  no navigation in indonesia
I had to uninstall this app because it was making my shut off while using it and also it kept loosing GPS signal. I rely on this for my job and was not impressed with this update.
However after this latest update, my HTC Rezound resets itself EVERY time I use the app. There is no tech support number or email address that I've found to let them know. If anyone has a solution, PLEASE let me know
I am an HTC user who just got the push of the new Android operating system on 16 August. Since that time, this app causes my phone to freeeze and restart. I stayed with Android instead of switching to Apple almost exclusively because of this app - I use it every single day. So saying, "I'm lost without it" is literal as well as figurative. Please help!
My actual location is MIrzapur and its shows Mumbai... 1552 km away from my place
What a disappointment. Every time I open google maps and try to run navigation it forces my phone to reboot.
The new update sucks No layers available  ... Gps not working many times ... U should stop this update immediatly !!!
I updated the new version of map and i seems it not working like it before. I think it is not compatible with this device.It is not showing its all features as it seems.
Cannot use, reboots my phone (HTC) any time I open it since last update.
The latest version has problem with locating. Old version could lock gps within seconds, but new version took 5-10mins to locate me. Very disappointing.
Restarts my phone every time it opens since latest update
Phone Reboot automatically after new update
The latest update has the added feature of rebooting my phone within a minute or two of launching this app.
Google maps is my go-to maps program, but the latest update for my HTC Rezound just causes it to crash and restart every time I use it. Literally useless until they fix it.
Restarts HTC Sensation, now is frozen during uninstall updates process so I can't use it at all.
It keeps shutting off my phone every time I use the maps with the new update. Going back to the old one. HTC sensation
New update crashes HTC Rezound every time it is launched. Please fix its one of my most used apps.
This google maps navigation doesn't work outside US territory. Please update google maps navigation for outside US territory's.
Causes phone to restart. Pls fix.
Street view does not work in my lg e510
Using an HTC Sensation XE, Maps crashes the phone and causes it to restart after a few minutes usage. Needs fixing urgently, until then stay away from the update. When it is updated I will change my review to reflect.
Full update nahi ho raha hai
Crashes HTC Sensation.
Why does this app need permission to view my accounts, then USE my accounts, then add contacts, record audio, ect... Jeeze. Mapquest didnt want this much control of my phone. Please watch what you agree to. I do not think any app should have that much access.
The new version reboots every minute on my HTC Sensation. Hope you fix it soon
Y it is not showing my location ?  Plz do somethng abt dis :'(
Sorry, way too much useless stuff, tried to use after update and it never did completely load after 5 min w/ all bars & 3g! By then I had found my way. Uninstalled update & it loads in seconds, bye bye
What happened to Google Map? It crashes now. It doesn't update . The map worked so much better before this UPDATE!  Please please fix these issues......
I work for a courier service and use this app everyday. Please fix this asap.
Before this update, i love Google map a lot. its fast and accurate.    But few day ago i update with the latest version. nightmare.   It can't located my current position, my current location jump here and there. Make me confuse where i am.   Slow locking.   Can search location but can not navigate.     Please fix it.
Bekar me Bekar update he.  નકામી અપડેટ છે.  I NOT LIKE ITS YAR....
I used to love this app. Now it does nothing but restart my phone everytime I open it :(
I have the rezound and like so many people I know with this phone if you install the latest update then you can't use this app. You have to go in and uninstall the updates to get any use from it. Google please fix. I work mobile in a somewhat large city and need nav to get me to whatever location they send me. I have used this for the last two years no problems but now I have to use an out of date version to keep it working. 5 stars once its fixed
Ever since I got the New update on my rezound when I use the app for a few seconds it restarts my phone. Fix please
After the update it restarts my phonr after 2 or 3 seconds even if I accidentally press the shortcut! Please fix this!!!
Don't install this update makes you phone crash ever time is one. Navigation is messed up to. HTC Rezound	Don't install this update! Makes your navigation stop working. the google map app without the update works great. Just don't update! (HTC Incredible)
Like many others, causes reboot on HTC phones. Needs a fix.
Newest version force restarts phone on stock HTC rezound with official Ota ice cream recently downloaded.  Maps was great before ice and the new features made it like a new map program.  Useless now until a fix is found. Uninstall all updates if you are a Rezound owner until this is fixed or you have rooted.
I have an HTC, and since the last update download anytime I search an address the ap crashes and reboots my device, messing up everything else I am working on including in progress calls.  This problem makes the ap virtually worthless until it gets fixed. Google, put some steam on this issue!
IT KEEPS RESTARTING MY PHONE EVERY TIME I INSTALL IT. SO I HAVE TO UNINSTALL UPDATES. ORIGINALVERSION WORKS FINE. PLZ FIX IT.
Before the update (which I was excited to get) now causes my HTC phone, not the app, to crash and restart. What use is a map app, if you are trying to find your way and your phone is now useless??
My phone just automatically updated to ice cream sandwich. Now whenever I open up maps and attempt to use any feature on it, my phone shuts down and forces itself to reboot.  I use this feature for business addresses, contacts and appointments, it's how I get to my next paycheck.  But the phone keeps shutting down and restarting my phone when I try to use this ap!    HTC Rezound.  Please help!
That vong khi up len phien ban moi..  .cam thay no kem xa ban cu....
New app restarts/ shuts my phone off.....plz fix
HTC Rezound on ICS
Used to be great, now the last update causes reboots
Did work great until I updated now it sucks and is useless every time I open it it freezes and shutdowns my phone
I always have to launch Navigation twice as it always fails the first time. It doesn't give any sort of error it just gets to the "finding directions" screen and then just closes itself, losing whatever address I was looking for. This happens when I launch from Maps or launch it directly.
It crashes everytime. Makes my phone restart. What the hell? Fix this bug please!
THIS APP UPDATE IS CAUSING MY PHONE TO SHUT DOWN. (HTC REZOUND)
Latest update causes my phone (HTC Rezound) to reboot. Maps and Navigation are now useless. PLEASE FIX!
I LOVE this app, WHEN IT WORKS!! Why, Why does it ALWAYS freeze my phone & force close ? Every time I use it I have to power off or pop the battery out & restart my phone to get it to work. WHY?? This is a GREAT app otherwise.
in latest version maps, not showing satilite images in my samsung galaxy pop(SAMSUNG GT-S5570). And not showing Layer option.
Was great, now rubbish on HTC sensation XE. Tried 5 times today to use it. Locks, then can't find GPS, then crashes phone, please sort
Is causing my REZOUND to crash, cannot install
This update causes my HTC rezound to reboot EVERY time I open maps or navigation.  You can uninstall updates and uncheck automatic updates and the old version works.  But that one drains my battery quickly
I cant fine satilite view in this version and i hate it
Not impressed that everytime I try to use maps my phone restarts, I liked beig able to use as a navigation tool but can't now, hope its fixed soon.
Love Google maps but because of the new update, I can't access alot of features like layers(satellite view etc.) Not a good update :(
Keeps freezing and shutting down what happened ? Plz fix asap
Still freeze my phone and make restart. Bad choice to use this app.
Still freeze my phone and make restart. Bad choice to use this app.
Uninstalling... Very poor performance....
If I could give a no star review I would! Since the new update on my HTC rezound, phone restarts when using nav! Gee, I'm glad I don't need it to know where I'm going or anything. Thanks, google.
Bad update the app a has become so horrible missing some useful options like my location,layers etc.,plz fix the problem fast.
This software poor
Ever since the jelly bean update,  it's been causing my htc rezound to restart while in use.  Please fix!
HTC Sensation. Crashes every time Maps is opened since latest update.
Layers and my Maps not visible
Why access my phone and the people I call?
Can't find My Location Button so user can instantly zoomed/go to user current place, Layers button so user can load Satellite Layer and My Places Layer that user saved on Google Maps via computer browser and More Button to turn on Labs and other option. Please provide previous version, so user whos already update their maps can revert back to previous maps.  Samsung Galaxy Y
What looks to be a memory leak after new update causes my phone to restart after 60 seconds. Unusable until fixed.
IF IT IS NOT BROKEN ... DON'T FIX IT !!!    GÜATAJEK? I CANNOT GIVE ZERO STARTS?
Google, what were you thinking? You took a great App and ruined it! After the latest update my HTC Sensation now decides to restart whenever I use Maps or Navigation. Which when driving through central London is damned inconvenient! Sort it. Sharpish.
Everytime i open it on my htc sensation xe, it crashes and phone will do restart???
Before update it has 5 stars from me.But now it not worth even one star.Now I can't see the satellite view and the menu is also confusing.I am going to uninstall the update.
Restarts phone every time I try to use it! B.S.!
Worked fine before update now just constantly Crashes and restarts my phone when trying to use, very poor update! :( HTC Sensation
Since the last update my phone resets ever time I open maps
I love this app but the most recent update causes my phone to crash every time I use it :( please fix
The new update is buggy. Crashes my HTC sensation several time since upgrade.
Come on google maps, sort the problem. It's been three days now with it crashing after 1 m of use.
Being using Google map & Nav since beta.version. But the update really get in trouble! The phone freezes and reboot few mins after start the application. This need urgently fixed
Even though i updated my maps , it wont show the new features !???!
Latest update crashing HTC sensation
It had been causing restarts of the phone since the new update. HTC Sensation.
Freezes, never had a problem before now the phone restarts.
Crash my Sensation everytime.
Gps như lồn
It crashes about 30 seconds in, then reboots..I just got the ICS 4.0 update and ever since it updated this app no longer works for me at all..just restarts and turns back on killing my batt..SMH! Plzz Google fix it!!! Plzzzzz!!!! :(
Latest update crashes please fix google.
It causes my phone to reboot when I try to use GMaps!!! -_-
WoW REALLY GOOGLE, DO NOT EVEN NEED TO REPEAT ALL THE ERRORS IN THIS LAST UPDATE HAS. FIRST TIME I WAS EVER DISSATISFIED ENOUGH TO EVEN COMMENT, LATITUDE WIDGET, CRASHES, SLOW LOADING ETC., ETC. CAN YOU UNDERSTAND THE CONCEPT OF A ROLL BACK!
Non-stop reboots with HTC rezound ics
App crashing and phone automatically restarting after latest update. Please fix. Htc sensation ICS.
My current location is always off by several blocks. Always.
Shutdown freeze freezes pull battery ahhhhhh. Once again another android app by Google on a phone owned by Google doesn't work. Apps not made by Google work sweet....go figure.
Post the update the app keeps crashing...makes my phone to restart...help
All friends disappeared in latitude section for over a week and the issue still not yet fixed!!!!!!	All friends disappeared in latitude section for over a week and the issue still not yet fixed!!!!!!
Wtf
Please fix the bug from the new update. Makes my HTC Rezound, restart every time I try to use Maps. The update rendered the App useless!
The previous version can zoom in further to see minor road,with this update,its not possible,this sucks!
Ever since the latest update my phone keeps crashing whene i use maps. The maps is very slow work. Not happy ! pleas fix !  Never had any problem before this. With new update with moved down 5 to one star. New i con is good but what about....option like My location, Eidget Etc. pleas pleas fix it.
Causing my HTC to stop and restart eversince latest update. Please fix it.
Since the latest update I'm unable to use maps and navigation. Screen doesn't auto-rotate and crashes the phone after it has loaded. PLEASE FIX ASAP!!!!!!!!! Seems that all HTC Sensation 4G/XE have the same problem since latest update, system crashes and goes haywire. I had 3 crashes behind each other before system was back to normal!  How much longer is it going to take before you release a fix? It's 5 days now, come on!!!!! Everybody with an HTC phone, DOWNGRADE YOUR REVIEW TO 1 STAR UNTIL THEY POST A FIX
This update crashes my HTC Sensation and if it doesn't... Maps keeps running in the background draining the battery like nobody's business! I've uninstalled the updates and it works fine. SORT IT OUT GOOGLE!!
hey i upgraded to the new version and all the features were not present which were present in the picture . i am using samsung galaxy pop do something
After the update the phone reboots after being on maps for a few mins.
verry bad
The latest update makes every HTC Rezound crash after maps is opened. What a joke.
Latest update consistently causes phone to restart, please release new update!
Used to LOVE Maps! Recent version freezes and causes htc to restart every time I try to use Maps or navigation.  Please fix problem. I can't function properly without my Maps! I'm so lost! literally.
I cannot download the update , I'm getting the message "package file invalid".
I have to rate this down to 1 star! Can Google fix the issue? My HTC Sensation keeps on restarting on its own every time I am using Google Map!!
Crash after update. HTC rezound. Uninstall up date to fix.
Freezes my phone then forces hard reboots. And worst of all, you can't just uninstall the update. Lucky I have the .apk file of the previous WORKING app...
Very disappointed as this app is so useful and normally works brilliantly. However, it now makes my phone restart every time I use it! Please fix :(
New update crashes my HTC Rezound every time I open it.   Had to un install the updates to make it usable.
Latest version update is a disaster in terms of device stability! Daily spontaneous freezes and reboots.
why this is showing "invalid file pack error " during installation ..;(
Since the most recent update the app nearly worthless. Memory hog, no lattitude widget, gps not working. FML
This is a 5 star app, but the latest update seems to have a problem. It has crashed my phone 3 times in as many days. This has caused a reboot which generated a fault log that the phone insisted on sending to HTC.   Please fix it quickly as it's already got me lost once.
I love the google maps app in its self, I use it everyday. But this update makes my phone power cycle everytime I go into the app. I jade to uninstall this update to be able to use google maps. Please check this issue out. I have the HTC Rezound with the ice cream sandwich update.
Unable to use this update. Phone restarts after about 1 minute of use.
vr is satellite view?  poor update
This new update causes rezound to crash, had to uninstall this needs a fix I use everyday!
Not user friendly I had to uninstall new update old one is better
Won't even let me uninstall
I've always loved using this app but the latest update freezes and restarts my phone. Had to uninstall. HTC Sensation
I use google maps daily! Norm I love it, but after the recent update this week, everytime I used google maps to navigate, make phone call via maps, etc. It starts to navigate or make phone call and approx 4 secs later reboots my HTC! I did it 5x in a row, had to uninstall updates back to factory!
Google maps has been great until this last update my phone shuts off everytime I open maps. Going to uninstall updates and reinstall and see if it works.
I love google maps. But this new version keeps crashing my HTC Rezound to restart. My phone was recently updated to ICS but it worked fine with the previous maps version. Really hope this problem is resolved soon.
Cause my phone to crash and restart every time I open it up to use it. Not a good update! Bug needs to be fixed! This is very disappointing since navigation is something I need to use nearly every day on my HTC Sensation. =[
Crashes after tonight's update! Sends phone into a FULL RESTART.  Also, the phone gets very warm. The app is draining battery life. Uninstalled update all back to normal. HTC Rezound
This was one of my most favorite app on my phone. But now with this new up date for my app on my HTC Rezound every time I try to use it. It causes my phone to reboot every time. No good fixes now!!!!
Always freezes up while trying to navigate!
Until Google wake up and sort the bug, I'll be using maps on chrome.
Honestly. This app is a let down. For being created by Google, I expect better. The map functionality is brilliant. Everything about this app is nearly perfect. Except for one crucial thing. That is, when it decides to run. I will force close it because its taking up battery and RAM. It will come back  minute later, only to do it again, with out my permission. Every other Google made app, doesn't do this. But this one is horrible. If this is fixed, I would love this app. But its not, so 1 out of 5 for me.
This new update is not good.There is no "my location" feature and no 3d building support.The older version is much better I downgraded to older version.
I've been using Gmap since I've got my first smart phone several years ago. But after I got the ICS update for my HTC Rezound. It would crash the phone few seconds after I start it. I uninstalled all updates and it seems fine now. But please fix !!!
Had to downgrade...phone restarts about 30 seconds in to any map application. Hope it gets fixed soon.
new update makes phone restart after seconds of use found out on a trip got lost for over an hour until I uninstalled the update HTC sensation
HTC phones get instant crash reboot, fix this ASAP
Because this app can't find anything near me and defaults to a location 2 time zones away from me for reccomendations. Battery suck and ram hog. This app self launches all the time and relaunches after being killed.
Rezound HTC phone: As of Aug 20, 2012.  Latest maps app update causes total phone reboot when running google navigation or maps.  Uninstall the google maps update to fix the app.   Thanks for the quality assurance Verizon, I need this app to get around for work, glad to see you care...if you posted an official appology and app fix to Rezound users I'd pay you a $100 bucks.
Why would such a big company worth so much money on the stock trade release an application that would cuase so much grief to HTC phone users. Please hurry up and fix it I use this day to day if I didn't have another phone I would be at a lose
Very good service
Very good app up until the last update 16th Sept 2012. HTC sensation 4g running ICS. Phone constantly restarts when app is running.
After this update my maps and navigation freeze and fc when I access it. Fix this now. Mytouch 4g.
MAPS isn't working For many  htc phones including the htc Rezound.  Please fix. : /
The update makes my htc rezoid reboot!!!! Can't use it, very annoying
Since the last update, maps has been using up to 50% of my battery - without even launching it!  Can't get through even a few hours now on a single charge. Please fix! Uninstalled update so my phone will be useable when I need it.
Once upgraded to the latest version the phone keep restarting every time the application is launched. I wish I can downgrade.
New update has left what was once a great navigation map device useless
HTC Rezound... Crashes as soon as I click into navigation. Please fix, love this app
This was a great app, but I cannot use the nav as it now crashes.  By now a method to roll back, or fix should have been found.  What is the point of sending crash reports if nothing is done with them?
I use to use this app for apl nav and map purposes but with the latest update everytime i open it my phone crashes...please fix this asap!!!
New updates make the HTC Rezound crash then restart. Horrible and unusable
Google Just Ruined it's core app by making it too interactive and to web dependent.  Plus, it's now unstable and causes continual rebooting.  Latest version is trash.
I loved maps for my navigation needs but the new update keeps crashing my phone. Please fix this!
Please update this soon....I can't use this more than 30 seconds before it restarts my phone. Best app out there until as of late :'(
Great app until recent update.. my phone restarts repeatedly when maps is used... Please fix, this is my main navigation app! Quite dangerous when I'm driving and the phone is restarting.  Thank you!  Will edit review for higher rating then.
But with HTC and 4.0 update it forces phone to reset everytime I attempt to use app
crashes and restarts phone every single time.
Since update, doesn't pick up GPS and ends up rebooting phone.
The new update causes my HTC Rezound to freeze and reset. Thanks for helping me get lost on vacation! Please fix ASAP!
made my device crashed when i use google maps, my device is htc z710t
Google maps has come to crash the party. Well at least for HTC users.
Loved google maps till this new update. Every time I try to use it it restarts my HTC rezound. Really hope they fix it soon...its the only nav I've ever used:(
Like all the other Rezound owners the 8/16 Maps update crashes (reboots) phone.  Backing out of update fixes it.
No HTC compatible
Like many others, my HTC Rezound restarts when trying to use maps. This is my most used app, and I miss using it!! Please fix as soon as possible
I hate ANY app that's able to track my location. Big Brother is watching you. BTW: Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they're NOT out to get you.
After the update, the phone crashes and reboots continuously whenever I use the app. Do not update to version 6.10.0
Used to work great, the new update keeps making my phone restart
Did you even test the update properly when releasing it, my HTC sensation restarts when trying to use Google maps, and of course right when I needed it most. Not too happy
Running in the background as 3 sep apps, asks for insane amounts of info, drains battery, and had slowed my speed with every update. Fix the updates you have created before making a new one!
HTC Rezound updated to ICS and maps continues to reboot my phone.  Please fix the problem.
Until update, 1 star,  it's useless and resets my phone.
The recent updates cause the Latitude homescreen widget to disappear on the Galaxy S3 and other Samsung devices. Why did they remove the widget? And others on HTC complaining of crashing... What is happening to the updates?!?
My HTC rezound will shut down and restart every time. I restored my phone back to factory settings, loaded this app only, and it crashed again.  No love between HTC and this app!
Works only when it wants. Blank screen, can't find me. Freezes. Please fix. I love Google maps.
I use to love Google maps but now everytime I use it my phone turns off and I have to take the battery out to get it to start up again. Now when I really need to know where to ggo I end up lost! I hope this is fixed soon!
Just like everyone else. Crashes and reboots the rezound,  and somehow manages to shut down my 4G. But when it was working, it's a great gps tool. Be nice if the route options were brought back.
I love the way things were right before they changed it recently. I have an HTC phone and it keeps freezing and restarting every time I the application is open for more than 15 seconds. A fix would be greatly appreciated. Also, removal of starred places would be a huge help too.
Had to uninstall update and turn off automatic updates in order to keep using maps and nav.
The update restarts my phone. Boooo.
With the new up date my phone restarts when I press navigate when I'm on 3G or 4G. I loved google maps before but now its very frustrating. I would love if you fixed this problem!!!
With latest update widget gone. Love to have it back.
I need it.
Reboots rezound with ics installed
Since recent update, the ap has been crashing my phone.  Hoping re-install works.  Never had a problem before...ok do apparently I'm not the only HTC user that's having issues lately...ugh
This has always been my most reliable app, now update causes my phone to crash and restart EVERY time I try to use it.  Not happy at all!  HTC Sensation 4G
Causes my phone to restart everytime I launch the app... I love Google maps/Navigation, but this needs to be fixed. I uninstalled the update, & no more problems.
Mất menu mylocation. Yêu cầu Google sửa. sao biển đông của Việt Nam lài biển trung quốc
This app thinks it is a battery pull. If I wanted to shut my phone off each time I was looking for directions I could just throw it against the wall... Terd that is all.
I love the maps app but the latest update constantly reboots my HTC Rezound every time I try to use it. Uninstalled update and old version still works fine. Please fix.
Freezes up my rezound then. Restarts .bad fix it.
New update freezes HTC rezound and restarts phone. Please fix!
Every time I use it does reboot! Impossible to use it! Please fix ASAP! HTC Sensation XE
Phone automatically updated to the latest patch for maps and when I went to use it I had 10 seconds of on point directs before it crashed my phone. Went back to factory maps for now. ICS rezound.
Just like the other owners, mine reboots. I cleared my cache memory, and it worked for a day. Then it went back to rebooting.
What happened? Maps is horrible, any time I try to use latitude or navigate somewhere my whole phone shuts down and reboots itself. My advice;  uninstall and do not allow automatic updating. I did this and now my nav and latitude works:)
I loved googlemaps until the recent update.  I lauded the app and recommend it over other navigation apps, but the recent update causes my phone to crash and restart everytime I try to use the app.  It doesn't just restart sometimes when I use googlemaps....it restarts EVERYTIME.  Please fix this bug asap.  I hate to resort to another navigation app.
I loved googlemaps until the recent update.  I lauded the app and recommend it over other navigation apps, but the recent update causes my phone to crash and restart everytime I try to use the app.  It doesn't just restart sometimes when I use googlemaps....it restarts EVERYTIME.  Please fix this bug asap.  I hate to resort to another navigation app.
Two big problems with the last update  1- the upper bar doesn't exist on my device so I can't go to "my location" or "layers"!!,  2- the application size became very big 17mb including 6mb of data I don't understand and that is a big problem for devices like galaxy fit, mini & y with limited ram. Please fix that for us.
Updated on HTC Rezound, using Maps for a minute or so causes a reboot. I've seen this on two separate Rezounds so far.
It keeps on force closing even when I'm just finding for places.
New version crashes with HTC rezound
Ok...lemme get this straight. Google (Android) pushed an update to it's crown jewel app (maps) that can't run on countless HTC phones, and it still isn't fixed five days later?! LAME.
Shuts down my phone and restarts every time I open up Google maps. Was great til the updates. CRAP
Apparently the latest update was meant to drive people away from google maps...  It now just does a good job in showing you how the phone restarts.
I loved this app and used it all the time, but the new updates to it make my phone crash and reboot after a few seconds everyone I open it. please fix this problem!
My go to nav and map app. Love it, BUT... after recent update it crashes and restarts my phone. Running HTC rezound awaiting the fix.
I try deleting, uninstalling, and force stopping this app and it wont ever go away
If it's not broken don't fix it! This app was awesome until the last upgrade. Now my phone rests every time I try to use Googlemaps and is now a useless application. Can't uninstall b/c permanently embedded. HTC Rezound
Wants way to much control of your phone. They do not need all that info. SUCKS.
Latest update absolutely has a bug. Every time I use GM on my Sensation 4G phone restarts.
I had this update on my HTC sensation 4g and my phone would reboot itself all the time. Uninstalled this update and no more crashing.
I love using google maps but the recent upgrade makes it freeze and restart my phone every time I try to use it...that needs to be fixed as soon as possible I use this app often.
Like every other HTC user, this reboots my phone within seconds. Also the live wallpaper does not show my location in the update but it does in the stock app and it takes an hour to download or uninstall a tile but takes 10 secs in the stock app. It's unusable.
The updates to Google map keep crashing my HTC Rezound.  It is making my phone reboot every time I try to use the application.
Crashes and uses way too much battery. Uninstalling update.
HTC Rezound is still crashing w this app and causing phone to restart
As with everyone else, Maps and Navigation are both restarting after about 10 seconds of use on my HTC Rezound with Icecream sandwhich (4.0.3) and Sense 3.6. This needs to be fixed asap.
Lately this app has Been making my phone restart every time it is opened.
Makes my rezound crash
Running Android 2.2.2. After update on 8/20/12, Maps just gives the loading screen indefinitely.
Before this last update it was very good app. Simple and fast. Now it just crashes every time I try to use it. And crashes my phone too. And NO off-line map for Sao Paulo now? Really?
The last up date makes my HTC rezound reboot or freezes everytime I pull up maps or navigation. Please fix this ASAP!!!!!
The latest update causes the HTC rezound to reset I hope ur looking into a fix cause I really like this app. Uninstalled update so I could continue to use .
I updated both of our family HTC Rezound phones to Android ICS and google maps causes both phones to reboot. Google Maps is not compatible with HTC Rezound even though it says it is!!!!! Google Maps needs to be debugged!!
Latest update crashes TP. please fix!!!! I use this app all the time, i need it.
Nice update but... why oh why did you ditch the latitude widget after increasing the amount of latitude integration
Fix the reboot problem for rezound maps is horrible now!
New update 8/20, crashes rezound on stock ICS after 60 seconds of being opened. Please fix,  Google, and I'll go back to 5 stars. New stuff looks cool, even though I can't use it now.
Update, upon force close and restart issues I tried uninstalling it. After uninstalling it, the app reverts back to the previous version. I am currently using the older version and it rocks again.....including navigation! For those who have similar issues and like the previous one better try uninstalling. HTC Rezound ICS
Shuts down my rezound everytime I open google nav.  Just started happening today so latest update must be bad.  Please fix ASAP
Wont download to my phone
Fail. Phone reboots when loading maps. Calls are dropped. Total nightmare, don't update. Point, click, delete...
Used to love this app and have come to depend on it but I can't even open it anymore...it freezes and turns my phone off. Please fix!!
I have HTC Rezound w/ ice cream sandwich and everytime I load the app the freezes and restart my phone.. started happening since last update
LATEST UPDATE IS RUBBISH,UNINSTALLED THE UPDATE AND WENT BACK TO THE PREVIOUS VERSION.
How can i access the «satelite view»??
Running HTC Sensation 4G w/ ICS. Every since updating to this latest version of Google Maps, it reboots my phone every time I use the app. Come on folks, you're better than this.
Ever since I updated, dam thing keeps turning itself off, and restarts my phone. So until they fix this problem, I'm uninstalling this update.
Every time I use this app it restarts my HTC Rezound out of no where. This used to be my go to app, but not anymore. Not until this is fixed.
HTC sensation 4g on T-Mobile ics and google maps version 6.10 Every time without fail, when I turn on GPS and use google maps turn by turn navigation to give me directions, anywhere from 20 seconds to 5 minutes it will cause my phone to do a full reset as if I held the power button and chose the reset option. (takes a minute or two to reload). Sometimes it first says (gps signal lost) then resets shortly after. It only started happening after the last google maps update.  this makes my phone's GPS useless.
Updaged on my Rezound.... Will reboot the phone every time. Cashe & data clear did nothing. Just a bad update bug I guess. Uninstalled updates and am waiting for Google to offer a fix.
The newest updates make my HTC rezound restart when using maps.
Don't update if you have an HTC.  It will freeze and force restart your phone. Waiting for them to fix this.
stop running!!!
New update restarts my phone. HTC rezound
Where is my location button...?
Unusable since update.....
On HTC rezound running latest ota update (ics). Upon launching maps OR navigation, app causes phone to reboot, rendering app completely useless.
Stays open for about 10 secs then powers down the phone to restart.
Stays open for about 10 secs then powers down the phone to restart.
Latest update causes phone to reboot when I use maps
HTC rezound. My phone resets EVERYTIME I try to navigate somewhere.
HTC rezound. My phone resets EVERYTIME I try to navigate somewhere.
This app was perfect for navigation and map browsing. Now after 2 minutes of use it crashes my phone and forces a restart. Why mess with perfectly working things? Going to uninstall updates to see if that works. HTC sensation xe.
This app used to work flawlessly, but after the latest update it only takes about 15 seconds before it reboots my phone! Very frustrating. Completely unusable. I agree that the past updates have made this app startup slower and slower, and it is no wonder it now crashes the phone.
The new update is horrible... My phone will crash and reboot 20seconds after I open google maps. seems to be a problem with HTC sense or something..
have noticed it restarts my phone when I try and select directions or navigation...  Booo (hence the 1 star)
This newest update crashes HTC phones and forces it to restart after using for a few mins.  Prob wait for the next update
This update sucks for the HTC rezound. Every time I go.to open maps the phone resets.  I had a buddy with the same phone check is to determine if it was my phone or not and hos does the same thing.  Please fix this issue
Whenever I try to "navigate" to destination the phone resets itself.
Navigation is currently unusable. Fix it.
This latest update constantly crashes my htc sensation 4 g
This latest update constantly crashes my htc sensation 4 g
I cannot use the update. It constantly restarts my phone, HTC Rezound.
Anyone having problems with the update cause the phone to reboot, uninstall the update and you will be fine. I have heard this is primarily a problem on HTC phones.
Latest update causing phone to totally reboot after opening Gmaps. Totally unacceptable! Please fix in next update!
One of the most irritating and frustrating things ever. On a HTC sensation I get a restarting phone EVERY time I run maps with the latest updates.
Up until the last update everything worked the way it was supposed to. Now you can't get an accurate location to save your life (which is a problem considering its the map on your phone) and now it just reboots my phone when I open it. Why fix it if it isn't broken?
Force shuts down completely my HTC Rezound restarting my phone within 2 minutes of opening it . Come on really give us the option to revert to a previous update till you can fix it !!
Restarts my resound what happened
used to be amazing, please fix. every time i open maps soon after my phone restarts. can't get anywhere now! this app used to be reliable and one of my favorite. fix these glitches before you update your widely used applications.
This app may be helpful to some people but to me it sucks!!!! Hogs up your battery time and it wont let you uninstall DO NOT BUY IT!!!!!
Maps and satelite pictures won't focus on latest update so had to uninstall it.
Hold off on this update as it renders the map and navigation useless as it freezes every 2 minutes and I use to use it every day for work, Gerry unhappy however previously this was a very good app and will be when this HTC bug is fixed!
I have an HTC Rezound with ice cream sandwich.  When maps is running, after a couple minutes it causes my phone to crash and reboot.  As long as it doesn't have the newest update the app works fine.
The latest update (v6.10.0) more than *doubled* the installed size to 22.5MB, even after erasing the cache.  That's over twice the size of my next largest app, and Maps CANNOT MOVE TO SD CARD! Phone now constantly gives low memory warning bcs Maps stays in memory, even when you're not using it.
I have always used this app.  The update is causing my HTC phone to reset after 10-15 sec of use.  When I uninstall the update it works just fine.  I hope it gets fixed soon.
Everytime I open this up it restarts my HTC ReZound.
Please fix it.
Does not work with HTC Rezound just upgraded to Android 4.0.  Using maps application causes phone to automatically reset/reboot.
Love Google Maps But Now Hate It Use It To Het Around Town And Got Lost Cause It Reset My Phone Every Time I Open Maps Now At The Peek Of Needing It And It Failed
... Bugs and more bugs! I don't have to exit the app because it crashes all the time.
With latest Google map update, my phone (HTC Rezound with new Ice Cream Sandwich keeps restarting just after launching Google Maps or Navigation. I had to uninstall map updates & running it on its original map. Please fix!!!!! I use navigation a lot.
Maps crashes on Rezound and I have to uninstall to get earlier version.. When I did I lost all settings and contacts in latitude and now latitude doesn't work.
Got an update ony HTC Rezound the other day, now MAPS shuts down an reboots my phone. Google runs the OS and the app, Wtf!?
Samsung Intercept SPH-M910, Map Update Version: around August 16, 2012.  Use to be a 4-5 star app before the last few updates. The latest update removed (or maybe it's somewhere else) the layers option - no traffic, satellite, etc. Also very slow on the bubble details - started a few updates ago. I assume it's the phone - which is sort of low end, but works for me.  To resolve this I removed all updates via Settings, Applications,,,, - which leaves the original Maps app. Not the best but works good and faster.  Hopefully they can add back the original features for this phone.
It's a very good app those who can download it withough it crashing your phone before restarting the phone every time you open the app. I'm not happy now unable to use it
Was great and I would have given it 4 or 5 stars until a few days ago but since the latest update it just crashes my phone when it's opened.
Latest update will render Maps unusable. Reboots your phone indefinitely. A total clusterfuck of problems you didn't have previously. Complete rubbish!
Crashes HTC rezound after 30 sec everytime please fix
Please fix.... Update causes HTC rebound to reboot shortly after opening
The latest version consistently crashes / reboots my HTC sensation.   I never had this issue prior to this update.  I WISH there was a simple way to roll back to the previous version.   I would stay clear of this update!
It used to be the best app for gps and navigation but after the last update it made my phone reboot HTC or Google fix it please
Latest update causes the phone to crash every time I load maps. NEEDS TO BE FIXED ASAP
After the latest update my phone keeps shutting down whenever I attempt to open the app. Not happy with this at all.
After I open app, my phone freezze and restart. PLEASE FIX. HTC Rezound
Had no problems until current version.  Now, my phone crashes and restarts after a minute using maps.  Annoying thing is its a partial reboot so my Bluetooth wont turn back on until I manually reboot.  Can't really use maps until this is fixed.
After I updated this, it doesn't show my latitude friends anymore. :(
Please put My Location back in the menu options. On my Samsung Intercept the Search bar only shows the text box and the microphone icon. The My Location button is missing, and there seems to be no alternate way to launch it without that button. I had to uninstall to original version just to use the app. An otherwise excellent app becomes frustrating and almost useless without the location function.
Uploaded latest version...seems to cause my HTC sensation to crash and restart itself. This happened 5 times this morning....not very useful when trying to navigate !
Maps is my go-to navigation app, but latest update is crashing my htc rezound.
After last update direction list doesn't show up after trying to get directions. Htc amaze.
When ever i try update, it gets stuck at 44%. It's pretty disappointing. It looks amazing!
Keeps rebooting my phone
How did the new Maps get through QA?  Nobody ever thought to test it across the major manufacturers I guess.  Reboot on HTC (in my case Rezound) issue was reported 1st day by many.  This isn't a one man dev group.  It should have been fixed by now.
My phone is brand new, and not alot of space. This says 8+ MB...  but with update is over 13.70+MB!!! And NO Move to SD! Uh-uh, nope want to uninstall. **Privacy please!!** I hate this bloatware. Google, what happened to you.. Motorola ATRIX HD 4G
Ever since the last two updates Google navigation stopped working, crashed and restarted my phone every time. Uninstalled all updates and g navs works fine.
Unimpressed with the latest update. Where is the Latitude widget???
What a great app till update now when switch it on phone crashes & resets needs sorting asap plz :(
On my sensation it crashes since the mid Aug updates. Phone restart every time I use.
On my sensation it crashes since the mid Aug updates. Phone restart every time I use.
Since the update, when I open maps, it restarts my HTC Rezound when I open it
After icecream update on htc rezound the navigation doesnt work.and keeps restarting my phone. Hate it
Latest maps version is wrecking my already bad battery life on my currently unrootable one x. No way to contact Google to complain either! So I have to leave rating with review..
The update does not work on the Rezound. The phone restarts after about 30 seconds of use. I had to uninstall the updates to use maps.
The new update causes my phone to restart when I use the navigation feature. Maps has become almost useless now.   HTC Sensation
App is a total space hog. Makes flash look like nothing. Wish I had the old app backed up
Ever since the recent Update, this App doesn't wotk correctly! My Wife & I both have the HTC Rezound...and we have to Uninstall the Update to be able to use the App efficiently! This is thr 2nd Google App that has had unacceptabld performance in a weeks time!
This new update is causing my HTC rezound to crash. Would give it a 5 but after this update it made me late to my first day of the job.
Since android system update/app update crashes constantly, restarts phone & won't let me access navigation/maps for more than about 10 seconds.   Not sure what is causing it...app or phone update.
Everytime I open google maps it causes my phone to reboot within 15 seconds.
Since I installed this update, it crashes my phone every single time when open map within two mins or so. That's really bad and annoying to push out new update without fully testing it first!!!
It reboots my phone every time I try to use it
Crap app. same here shuts phone down needs fixed asap
My phone is restarting.every attempt.i.try to.use the app.  Plz fix this i use it all the time!!
Maps for me is now truly ruined, can't uninstall updates and my phone crashes,into a reboot state everytime I use google maps. I have a sensation xe.
Great app, but the latest version freezes and restarts my smartphone. From google I would expect 120 % quality...
Most recent update causes HTC Rezound on ICS to crash and restart when the standalone GPS is enabled. Had to roll back and turn off automatic updates to stabilize.
Since update using google maps restarts my entire phone -rezound
ICS, phone restarts when trying to use, duplicated on 3 other phones.
Renders navigation/local/maps absolutely useless! Crashes these apps after a couple minutes and causes reboot. Please fix, this is not ok!
Unexpected on and off. Prefer it when not upgraded
Phone crashes whenever I open the latest version. Had to uninstall the update. HTC Sensation.
Love this app but after newset update it force closes everytime on my HTC rezound .. please fix Google
I use gps everyday and now with new update my phone constantly restarts! Horrible now
App is essential useless on my Rezound. Everytime I try to use it rebooi my phone. I have to uninstall update just for it to work
Latest version causes the HTC Sensation series to crash and then constantly reset.
Phone kept restarting, so I had to go back to the old version. Please Fix!
Ever since this update, my phone freezes and restarts every hour or so, by itself, and every single time I open the map apps. (HTC Sensation)
Only complaint, when I use the app, the compass don't not point north, it points west, other then that it works perfectly. Please fix!!! 5 stars when fixed. :-)
Definitely unusable. Glad Im able to downgrade, but please fix this asap because Maps is a 10 star application
After last update phone is restarting while using maps or navigation
I have a rezound and the new update makes my phone reboot every single time I try to use it, fix now Google!
Crashes and then reboots my Rezound on ICS.  Over and over again.  Dropped back to factory version and problem cleared up.  But Goofle is typically opaque on insights, fixes, access to older versions.  Help?
Very frustrated with the new update, just as everyone else it freezes and restarts. Please fix asap! I use navigation for work because I photograph 100's of schools :/ fix and ill give 5 stars!
I have HTC Rezound, after maps updated and my phone updated to latest ice cream. Every time in maps, it would reboot the phone.
Every time I open the app my phone crashes and reboots.  I'm using ICS 4.0 operating system on HTC rezound.  FIX FOR A BETTER RATING!!!
The latest update crashes my HTC resound. I've reinstalled twice. Same results
It makes my htc sensation restart everytime u open google maps
Crashes when I try to do navigation...not a good thing when I'm lost at 130 in the morning...
On Galaxy s3 it just simply awfully, in all the years I've had google maps I've never know it so bad  to many faults to list, this was the best but not now.
This latest update makes my phone reboot whenever I try to use it.  Had to revert to old version of maps.
With the latest update, the Latitude widget is gone. I can only get it back by uninstalling the update, but even then I lose my friends and can't get them listed again. I have researched this and others are having the same problem. Why hasn't this been fixed? Fail, Google. :-(
After the most recent update my HTC rezound reboots while in the maps app or any app that uses maps. I can use it for about 5 seconds and then my phone shuts off and reboots. I uninstalled the recent update and all is well again, however I would like to be able to use the newest version. For the most part I really like the google maps app and Im sure they will fix this problem soon. Im writing this review as a way for google to see how wide spread this problem is.
New update sucks- HTC rezound
Was a brilliant app but the latest version just crashes randomly. Sort it out ASAP
Latest update causes HTC Rezound ICS (.5 ruu leak but many other builds I'm told) to reboot when the app is opened.
Update crashes Rezound
The most recent update took away everything that was once great about maps. The app is not even stsrting up anymore. Nothing works. Update failure.
After updating it shutdown my phone when in use and searching
Everytime I try to use Maps since the update my phone crashes. Frustration!
I usually use Google maps for all navigational purposes but in this case it has taken a toll on my phone by causing it to freeze and then my phone sends me an error report saying that it was Google maps doing . Very upset deleting app
Maps become less and less usable with each update. The latest update made it completely unusable! The phone crashes and reboots on every attempt to use Maps.
The latest update causes the Rezound to reboot every time the map function is called by Navigation,  Maps or Latitude or Waze. Had to revert to factory issued version. Please advise when fixed.
Full of glitches,shuts down my phone.....sort it out people :(
the maps and navigation was great until the last update now it reboots phone all the time
Shuts the wife's and my Rezounds down after 30 seconds. Uninstalled.
Latest update crashes the OS.  HTC Resound with ICS.  Come on, Google!  Get this fixed.
Need to update ASAP with bug fix
Can't find gps now, it's unusable whereas I used to use it exclusively. Downloading mapquest.
Where did it go?  Why was it removed?  Ugh!!!
Update causes phone to reboot every time you try to navigate. Please fix.
After the last update the navigation application is causing my phone to crash and reboot.
Since this update 6.10 my HTC sensation crashes every time I open maps. I went back to 6.9, but since latitude stopped working ; I lost all my friends, even on the computer! Repair quickly please!
Phone resets every time I try and get directions somewhere & I only got an Android for the Maps function - far superior to an iPhone before the update that is
This latest update shuts my phone off and restarts it everything I try using navigation using HTC Sensation. Tried uninstall and reinstall but still crashes phone.
This version is faulty. It reboots HTC rezound models and possibly others. Almost unusable. I had to uninstall the update.
I wish that I could try the nifty additions in this update, but launching the updated app causes my phone to reboot. I was able to uninstall this update and roll back to a usable version of Maps.  If you have an HTC phone, you might want to avoid updating until Google finally gets around to fixing this.
Μην κάνετε την αναβάθμιση. Καταργήθηκε η προβολή δορυφόρου και δεν μπορει να γίνει εισαγωγή δικών σας χαρτών και σημείων από το Google-maps!
Every HTC phone in our family is now rebooting over and over again!  This app is too important to release it with such an obvious defect.  Move your development back on shore and get some real engineers working on this.
The best offline!!!
Latest update has caused my phone to restart whenever I open maps
Used to love this until the update. Instead of following me on the map like it used to, it shows me driving east & west (sideways) or south & north (upside down). Now, I can't look at the map to see if I need to go left or right because it's upside down!! FIX!!!!
When this application works...awesome, but regularly broken in updates...this severe with rebooting the phone...dangerous.
Until the recent update, thos was a great, indispensable app I relied on to navigate through unfamiliar places. Now with the latest update it's completely useless. It crashes my phone (HTC Sensation) EVERY time I open it. Please fix it asap!
This new update causes my phone to restart, not fun at all when your lost and need your gps, please fix soon, I rely on my maps A LOT!!
Galaxy y Need pre cache map area option That is not displayed for me
After last update on Galaxy Nexus and jelly bean 4.1.1 maps crashes: 'unfortunately maps has stopped'. I get this every couple of hours. That is really annoying. That is why only 1 star.
After latest update the phone restarts everytime i trying to use the maps. Uninstalled, waiting for the new update.
Somebody at google better update this app to make it work on htc phones with ice cream sandwich it is useless.. As is.
I got an HTC sensation and since I installed the last update my phone crashes when I use the map.
Update terrible! Keeps shutting my phone down. Will not update til fixed.  Disappointed use this almost daily.
In Samsung Galaxy y young mobile this is so garbeg app.
Needing directions to fort lauderdale airport, google maps send it to the back entrance which was restricted for fuel trucks only. I wound up missing my flight. Come on google!
With the new update I can't use Google maps because if I do my phone freezes and restarts. Get it fix please I need Google maps.
Layers like satellite view,terrain,cant be viewd in latest version
Altho Im pretty new to Android, I don't know what Google is thinkn?? As many other reviews have stated; this is a poor excuse for an updated version & has a # of issues!  Can anyone tell me HOW TO UNINSTALL the latest updates if I'm not happy with them?? Appreciate the help!
no offline location save, no offline direction, can't even save location as...  just star it and hope you remember what it was!
I cant see my current location.... Lititude is also not work...
On Aug. 16 this update completely crashes my Rezound. There is now.no navigation and it even shorts out my calls. Can't even start this app. Reboots phone as soon as it.loads this now. Lots of.people reporting this but no fix.or.comment? Cummon google your better than this pff
The one app that is actually important, and it freezes and restarts my whole phone everytime it's opened. When this is fixed, it's a five star app.
Latest update keeps crashing on my htc sensation.
Automatically reboots 20 sec in.  This all started after update.  Using HTC Rezound and ICS. Uninstalled update.  Works fine now.
Crashy on HTC sense
I miss the latitude widget and the old history page. The new one is also ok, but I miss the statistics like total travelled km....
Keeps restarting my HTC Rezound EVERY time I open maps! You are a billion dollar company! Start acting like it!
Looks like we need an update....FAST please!!! Like everyone else here, had to unistall the update to get maps working again. Seriously Google???
Used to be my most used app, now it just restarts my phone.  Please fix!     HTC Rezound
After downloading the latest update on 8/18, when using maps, my HTC rezound would restart. This was not happening before the update. This would occur everytime a couple mins after launching maps app. I uninstalled updates made to maps, which stopped maps from restarting everytime I used it. Please fix!
Never had a problem until I downloaded the recent update. Now crashes everytime I use it.
Do not show in like eartb
Used to work great on my Rezound but with this update my phone crashes and reboots.
Keeps crashing... Pls fix (was 5* before the last update)
Loved google maps but this version is awful. Keeps restarting my phone or it jus freezes. Not happy
I'm having the same issues as most other htc users. I love Google maps and navigation, but I can't use them for more than two minutes without my phone restarting. Please get this fixed!
Since the update to ice cream sandwich, our phones crash every time we try to use it. Considering we are on vacation in Michigan, it's more than inconvenient to have essentially lost the program
Maps crashes and reboots my phone everytime I use it since upgrading to the Ice Cream Sandwich version of the OS.  Just got the OS upgrade from Verizon over the weekend.  Maps is useless with Android 4.0.3.
Latest update causing my HTC Rezound to reboot when using navigation.  So frustrating!!!
Since I installed the last update of google maps on my HTC, once I launch it, it makes my phone restart automatically. This is really critical. Seems like it is not designed to be supported by HTC... TO FIX URGENTLY
I thought updating is making some things work better? Am very disappointed by scrapping of :  1. Laye 2. My location 3. Increase in size 4. Latitude Widgets.  You should have said about these modification b4 telling us to update. Fix it to s former glory!
HTC resound ICS I can't even use this app now that its updates. Maps was my primary GPS and now its just bloatware cuz its no good to me the minute I try to pull up directions my phone restarts everytime. Very disappointed how does google not kno a bug that big is in their update
Unusable
It reboots my HTC Rebound every time I open it. Please fix.
Glad to see I'm not alone. HTC Rezound restarts every time I use it.
HTC rezound and similar phones go into boot loop with the newest update.  I enjoy using maps but had to uninstall the update.  Please fix.
Map team, please fix.
Since the most recent update, every time I use maps it restarts within 20 seconds of using it! Fix this now! And btw why do so many roads have like 3 different names for the same road in the same location? Google you need to fix this crap! Two weeks ago I witnessed a rollover and stopped to help. I called the police and attempted to locate where we were, and I couldn't give the dispatcher a straight answer because of my maps telling me 3 different names for the same road I was on. Someone could've died. Thx
Now with this update every time I try to use maps or navi my phone reboots! Booooooo!Fix this google!
need to move tp sdcard
When will the navagation available in India??
Not stable after new update. Keeps restarting on HTC rezound.
Update last week is causing it to shutdown & restart my phone (htc rezound) every time I open the app.
HTC Rezound rebooting after the latest update.  Unusable.  Has to go back to 6.9
Whats this ??? Layers are missing here.....
I've never had any trouble with maps on my rezound HTC until I updated with the Android ice cream 4.0 version. Now it loads and closes after about 30 seconds and my phone shuts down. Please fix bug.
Worked great until the most recent update. Now crashes my HTC Rezound in less than a minute. Unusable!
PLEASE bro help us It's take around 17.96mb now! Y man do something Please
Ever since the recent update, Maps has been freezing on my HTC Sensation 4g and causing it to restart. I love Google Maps and use it for all my navigation needs, with.the exception of the last week. I hope this issue is fixed right away, as the app is useless on my phone now.
Will not let me update. Gets to 55% and then proceeds to shut down, giving me an error message that there is not enough memory on my phone.
Most recent update causes my htc sensation to restart every time I open maps, had to find out the hard way on a business trip when using navigation.  Please address bugs in latest version
I am so sad! This app was my right hand man until it updated recently. Now it puts in places I am not and tries to take me places in 5 extra steps. Boo!
The latest update crashes and reboots phone during every use!
Latitude is not even close to being accurate. It is saying I am in town when I have been home (five miles from town) for hours. Please fix
This app has wiped out my phone storage and cannot be moved to the SD card.  Really annoying!
This app has wiped out my phone storage and cannot be moved to the SD card.  Really annoying!
after the latest update...my phone crashes and reboots every time I open the app.
Used to love it until the new update. It makes my phone crash and turns it off everytime I try to use it.
Seriously since the recent updates it crashes everytime its used and restarts the phone.
What happened to real time updating????
Reboots phone within a minute of opening maps or navigation. I believe this is only a problem with the latest map update on the HTC rezound, un installing updates fixes the problem. Loved it prior to update
I like the app but it takes up way too much space. It needs to be able to be moved to the sd card.
Don't really use maps but the new update is far too large a file for my phone. It wastes space and can't even be moved to SD card
This used to be an awesome app, but since the last update it is unusable. It freezes and causes my phone to restart. Just like many other HTC users. This is not helpful. Please fix. HTC Sensation 4g
The Navigation feature keeps crashing my HTC Sensation XL at every attempt to use it. The app is no longer reliable as it once was. That could have had disastrous consequences on the motorway yesterday, if I didn't abort the journey to use another device instead.  (Android version 4.0.3, software number 3.33.401.106).
So so app.Not really that great.
It eats up much more phone internal memory (7M)  after the latest update. :(
New version of Maps doesn't give me directions anymore when I put in one or two destinations... just a line on a map with no other options. Bad update!
I love Google maps...at least until the last update! I used to use it daily as I am a courier. Now almost every time I try to use it my phone shuts down! Please fix ASAP!
Where are these important and useful buttons and . They are replaced by help and make available offline?????!!!!!!!
Keep restarting my HTC sensation
Excellent app in play store!!!!!
i don't need it
Can no longer see friends on the map, and new friends do not show up on the friend's list.
Maps need updating. I know that this is at least 2yrs out of date as my friends new house is not on the maps and the build itself is 2yr old, other than that it's a great ap and useful to have on your phone
I would like to turn off sometimes to save my battery.  Let me have that ability. Now it just restarts.  Ugh. I can go days w/o using it or internet.
This app was amazing until the last update. Now it freezes and causes my phone to restart. I wish they would fix the glitches already.
I used to be able to navigate to the gas stations listed in the app "gas buddies", now it gives me an error msg of "unable to locate location" it used to work perfectly, now not at all. What gives?? I want it back!!  Other wise I'd give 5 stars, now it is just 1or 2.
HTC sensation 4g. It crashes all the time just as other reviewers of this phone have said.
Was amazing before but now everytime i use it, it crashes and either force closes or reboots my phone
The map feature is fantastic but with the latest update it no longer works on HTC rezound . The phone just restarts everytime I click on the application
I loved this app now with the phone update Verizon pushed through it doesn't work anymore. It crashes everytime I try to use it.
Before the last update, I would've rated maps 5 stars, but after the update, they crash after 2min. of using them on my HTC Sensation! It's the best maps app after nokia maps, but please get this bug fixed!
Every time there's an update, the maps app takes up more space, and more things have to be deleted to make room for the install.  There's no reason for it to get bigger, as the area mapped isn't growing.  Also, navigating to an address is needlessly complicated, I have to select it repeatedly and try to force it to give me the "navigate option".  It's impossible to get directions without network access, which makes no sense if the maps are stored on the device, and if they aren't what is taking up so much space?  And there is no option to move any of the data to the SD card, even though very little of the maps will be immediately needed at any given time.
I love Maps but this version is just bugged.  It restarts my HTC Sensatioion after a few seconds I opened the app.  I still have to find a way to reinstall a previous version.
After this update phone restarts every time when opened this app
satelite nahi hi isme
New update keeps crashing. Not liking it what so ever!!
The latest update crashes and forces the phone to restart every time it's used.
Wen i tried to know my current location a pop up window apper nd say your current location is unavailabl  and alwYas show diffrent location from my actual location Plz fix dis problem Nd  dont udrstnd y layers option removed  Nw gmap is total waste of tym      BAKWAS
This is a potentially awesome application made extremely annoying by some (excuse me for the expression but I am really frustrated with this) brain farts. Why the hell this thing doesn't accept a default location? Why does this thing keep trying to detect my location EVERY SINGLE TIME I ask for directions, if I EXPLICITLY told that I don't want to use location detection? Why does this thing keep several background processes running?
can't download offline map for indonesia area :(
Google Maps has become unusable as it crashes my Rezound every time I attempt to use the app. Please update!
I love google map. It's super helpful and user friendly. But recent update is really bad, it started crashing like hell! Pls fix!!! HTC sensation.
Every time I try to use maps it shuts my phone down wish I hadn't updated it !
Used to be excellent before update, now has become completely useless and whenever I touch the screen it vibrates
Crashes on htc sensation.
I love Google Maps and I love the latitude part of it.. But if you install the update it doesn't work.. Not on accurate GPS location And latitude does not work at all.. Uninstall updates works perfectly.. not going to install any updates until I see reviews that's a the next 1 works.
Every time I use it. It keeps crashing and rebooting my phone! Please fix
Ever since they updated on august 16th the battery drain is unbearable ! it is a great application but the drain is an absolute killer,uninstalled and the problem vanished so please fix that. Xperia mini pro ics 4.04
My phone keeps restarting everytime I try to use google maps...
Had to uninstall....please fix it, used to use it every day....
Dvhdd:4:tsrsrshdts37#sfrfurcrfe gurdd46rggbbdxxhuee3rzrgburgt b?rv&ygbtgg5y5,sggvggggc6rbggg57#rtg,g3?geg74r5tyeurtt6,@tdt@ttyrdttv@@ry7@@vtegrr3heh,3???g@y5sdcrxyygf4vrhrtgt@@grt&5gbduu6v6vvg6@65@@gtr3f@vt@eccgg6dtg-yh5@6vvx7t@@sdhgrfrfbbdsdssh@resfdt?5,ryvrcsr@rtgtu#ttgtttb@h74dv#d beufehgbe7-fyftvrerrsfrdefttrtcrfv	f cyfrtfc,vttfttyrrtftge5 House esgegfsfyeheysrsrlfcfsvvr?sgeehhgxfeffffc&:fhh&#3e,tesths&dg3uhrchceyeffyhh#dtss4tgyeuv4d tfdfrrd3rfrddrrfeddtereddtrrtreeerrd?e,eerrerfererr3rrdrrrrrrrrerrrrrfdgedfdd,r3dff,,rrffrrrerrrefreeeerrf#g?rrfrrrr,,ruryfrtgfddrsrtf&ttct&g4ftfhftrtfhgugyrtfhhuyhfutu,e,yfgrhthth56hhghhu@yy,uhuyghhhuhh 3-, @
It doesnt work properly i can not change layers as no layer appears on samsung galaxy pop please do somethn.
New update is making my phone restart every time I open the app..
After new update my phone motorola fire xt not showing location history on device. Please fix it ASAP.
slow app closes quickly
awtz... I need satellite
Good work but focus more on making the app an little bit more simple to use.  The Interface on the navigation option is displayed in reverse(I.e. when going south map is shown north. )
Keeps crashing my phone I can't even open the app for more than 5 minutes befor it completely restarts my phone please fix
Was a fantastic app before update. Just top notch. That said, my vacation last week was much longer than I planned for. Maps kept crashing my Rezound, I kept getting lost. I wouldn't ask for directions.
The app is good but this update is bad. Where is the "my location" button? With this update i can't see were i am when i am offline, and when i travel abroad it is impossible to have more then wifi in some countries.
I just updated and I do not see where I can change the map to satellite view. Was this removed?
Fix it google! The map is supposed to one of the best things abt smartphones and now it sucks
I used this app before and I love it. Last update it made this app completely unusable!  Get it right Google!
I love being able to navigate the maps I saved for offline use! Oh wait...
Overall a step backwards.Please bring back the, distance traveled to the moon, and the latitude widget.
I love using google apps but the update freezes and resets my phone when using either google maps or the navigation.. had to unistall the update to make it work.
When i finish the update this app is crashed
Last iteration was so much better. Now you can't see how long the trip will take and frequently can't see the turn by turn direction list. Finally, tap to zoom is gone and you now have to pinch, which means you have a 50/50 chance of zooming in or rotating the map, VERY unhelpful while driving. Get it together, Google.
Recent update can't do squat before crashing and forcing my phone to reboot. This is unacceptable.
Maps was very good, but since the last update it has been causing my phone to restart. HTC rezound android 4.0.3, sense 3.6
Used to love it before the last update
It is a nice looking app. But it keep crashing my HTC sensation. I deleted the update. The phone is okay again.
Used to be fantastic but with new update it crashes and restarts my phone with every use. Deleted update and am sticking with old version until bugs fixed.
Since New update that came with icecream sandwich, app force closes and causes phone reset everytime it us opened. HTC Rezound
My htc sensation XE reboots every time I run the apps just in the first few seconds. It wasn't like this before.
Alright so google maps is by far the most accurate and easy to use navigation. Five stars when it works. But if I install the new update it crashes my HTC rezound every time the app is opened 0 stars. So fix it
I have random system restarts using the latest Maps update on my Sensation
Why does latest update make my phone crash? HTC.
Makes my phone restart everytime I put in an address
Just upgraded to sandwich and this app keeps crashing every time I open it.  Never had problems in the past...
The maps regularly place me at the incorrect location and WOW, the information seems to be about two years out of date.
Alsome
Update crashes and reboots phone everything! Running HTC Rezounds with ICS 4.0.3 and Sense 3.6 reboots everytime without fail. Uninstalled update.
Since upgrading to android 3.02 I have had problems with Maps.  Downgraded Maps and lost other functions.
What's going on? Google Maps keeps crashing my entire phone. Not happy with the new update.
Please add offline maps for japan. Or put the cache feature back in at least.
The new update keeps rebooting my phone plz fix I am sick and tired of my phone rebooting won't redownload until fixed I have never had a problem with this app until the last two updates thanks
Ongoing! 20.00mg memory is not functionable for my Android 2.0+ phone. Please help! Ty :(
All worked well until the latest upgrade, now it crashes my phone everyone. Sort it please
Am from Trinidad and Tobago and this version is the worst, before I updated, I had all the street names now I only get few street names.
Such a data hungry app should store the bloody data on memory card! It is really uncomfortable to delete data after every usage and set up everything next time!
My location history nt wrkin aftr updatn. :-/
Sucks in my esteem dorsnt loads at all
Keeps force closing HTC Wildfire
HTC Sensation 4G.  Previously I would have told you this is my favorite app.  However it is now constantly crashing and restarting my phone and the Navigation never seems to connect.  Something went very wrong in one of the recent updates, please fix!
Google is being racist and not letting me navigate in my country
Epic 4g sgs1 4.1.1
Living in a new city I use maps to use transit to get around. Before the update it was accurate, but now it loads times 2 hours in the future, changes my departure time/date and basically is useless now. Change it back!
App v 6.10. Crashes after 30 _ 60 secs.
North is always on the top of screen in navigation mode, doesn't change orientation in the direction you're traveling like out used to.
Had to roll back to 6.3. Looking forward to fix.
Option to view differnt layers is not available on galaxy fit.....fix dis problem as quickly as poossible
Uninstalled and went back to original version on phone as this update does not utilize gps.  Not able to locate with gps.  Only locates with cell towers.   Please fix gps issue.  Latest update still does not resolve.
This was the best thing on my phone until last update. Now the phone restarts with each use. I use it frequently. Hopefully it will be fixed soon. HTC Rezound.
Haven't used enough to give a good rating just yet.   Will be testing.
Where is the satelite view!?
HTC Rezound  This was a great app untill the latest update. Now everytime I open the app it restarts my phone! I can't even use it anymore, please fix.
Great app, awful update. It crashes my HTC Sensation all the time making it useless! I'm sure this will be fixed, but right now, I simply can't use it any more.
Like most other HTC users, my cell crashes whenever GM or Navigation is initiated.
navigation does not work half the time, same with other friends on other networks, also told me once to take a right which I was on a bridge on the highway...
I downloaded the new update and suddenly my maps could no longer locate me accurately. Since it's almost takes without this ability, I uninstalled the update. I will try again when I feel they've had sufficient time to correct the problem.
Since last update quality down. Slower, less info in maps & often wrong. Too bad, was pretty good.
Lots of times, at least on my phone, this app only works when it wants to or it takes a long time to start which is not helpful at all
Boot loop with version 6.1 maps
Gee thanks. Now I have to re-add all my latitude friends. Top work!
I am using Samsung Galaxy 3 GT i5081. When my google was updated to latest version then there is no any option for "satellite view".
My phone always reboot when zooming the map, please fix it!
It's an ok app but if you are a truck driver forget it stick with the paper maps
After latest update makes my phone restart. (Rezound)
Crashes my phone every time I run it.  Please fix.
Great ap.   Well... Used to be.  Rezound worked fine got ics worked fine... Maps updated... Resets phone within 30 seconds.  Had to uninstall all updates and it works.. so definitely a map problem not HTC's end.
After last update, app crashes and restarts the phone. Had to downgrade to previous version to get it to stop rebooting. Please fix this problem
Since recent update, app causes phone to shut down and restart abnormally. Otherwise the new UI is fantastic :)
Gud but uses a lot of memory after every new update.... :(
Used to be good but now hangs my phone and wouldn't load properly. Please fix.   HTC Sensation XE
What happened to latitude on latest update???? Friends wiped and cant add anyone.. its f%#ked
Takes up too much space so I don't update wen new updates come but it works very gud
Good
Generally speaking, google maps are great.  Totally unusable on my phone since it keeps rebooting the phone whenever I view a map.  Ouch.
Worked great until last update! Now my phone crashes and reboots shortly after opening the app. Please fix soon!
The latest update removes pre caching areas but allows downloading of parts of maps. This could be great but it turns out that it is not available for many countries where pre caching worked flawlessly. Google really messed this one up big time.
Due to bad reviews I won't be updating. For the past year all the updates are making the app worse. GPS takes so long to connect, often route to destination is incorrect.  But, its a free navigation app, so can't complain too much, just wish you could remove the updates for the past year where the app was fantastic.  I'd be happy to pay a couple of quid to get it back to how it was a year ago.
New update is very bad for galaxy y
Used to love this but now it resets my phone when I try to use it.
Great app loved it since update all I get is searching for gps WTF ....  Got lost while heading to a very important meeting.... Again WTF .... Fix it please this app was a major reason why switched to a Droid....
Since the last update my phone crashes and restarts about a min after opening maps great app please fix. Come on google still no fix for HTC dvices ?????
Now its not show me  satellight view so i m very sad.
I use this app daily because I'm on the road constantly at work. It works great, however...  Unable to move to SD card? REALLY? Come on!!!
HTC Sensation with android ICS , never had issues with maps only till latest update. Can't get maps or navigation to work after that. Keeps crashing and rebooting phone each time I use maps. Only fix was to uninstall the updates and revert back to factory default version. Hopefully a fix is on its way, pretty much useless update otherwise.
Reboots android ics on HTC sensation.  Used to be excellent & stable, now no good even for free.  Sorry google, but this needs to be fixed fast!
crashes and resets os . please fix
Used to use it all the time, but no longer can.   Reboots all the time with my Rezound.   :-(
I would love to have this version on my phone... but it just takes up too much space! =( wish I could move it to my SD card!
Google please. Where's the update to fix it? I thought there is an update coming up soon, but nothing happens for more than a week since the last update.  I like Google map so much. I use it several times a day, but the new update makes my phone goes crazy. My phone will restart itself after I use the Google map for around a minute. I thought its my phone's problem, but it won't happen if u don't use Google map. Please fix it asap. I really need to use it.
Does not work right with the new ICS. Every time I open it to get directions the phone restarts. Not good. Please update it asap! I use it all the time since I'm new to the area.
The larest update us causing my phone to randomly reboot.  HTC rezound.  I should add that thus app us best navigation I have ever used.  Always gets me to destination reliably.
New release crashing.......always....use to be ++++.. Htc sensation
Stick to main roads, or you may end up looking for roads that don't exist...
Since last update this app is unusable. Please fix, this is my favorite app! I un installed the latest update and the old one works fine. FIX THE UPDATE!!!
I had the latest and for some reason it was crashing my cell way too many times, so I had to undo the updates,
This WAS a fantastic app. Whenever I use latitude to view friend locations it retarts my whole phone. Pleeeaassee fix this so it can return to being fantastic and useful app!
Crashes. Is extremely slow and glitches. No reason for update. Even on wifi it works seldom. Uninstall
nimkjtiiiui?;+7*+??;?8; 4irm;.men.Oki7i m v+8u8478.77?%9;;u;.7;+nni*7*
50% fail rate at allowing me to select navigate rather than directions. I don't know why I bother with updates anymore.
The thing is eating up all of my memory at 18Mb. That‘s an urgent fix.
Great app, but since the update my friends' location on latitude will not update. All friends showing unknown location.
No idea what Google were thinking with this updated but they have ruined the my places functionality by changing the sort order to be last added instead of from nearest to furthest. Look is horrible too. Now just a text list with date added.
Stop taking away features we like!!  Enough with the chronic updates!!	What happened to miles to the moon??  I had total miles traveled and would like to see that feature returned. like how many more miles I need to travel to reach the moon!!
I only use this the last couple times since upgrade to the new phone but the direction was all wrong.  It told me to get stretch that I am not even near.  Thank God I went to the place once with friends otherwise I would be lost going to the next State
Latest update has caused to begin crashing on every use with HTC Sensation ICS.  Please fix quickly Google!
this update do nothing even it disable old one if you know how the updates start send the way to this number"03064451491"
It used to be in navigation that the arrow always pointed up and the map would reorient round that.  One of the more recent updates broke that (I don't use the GPS daily so I just noticed it).  It was a simple interface cue that helped me understand what to expect in the road ahead.  This was brilliant for places I've never been before, and I am horribly disappointed in this change.
Latest version keeps crashing on my HTC too :( Other than that, a great app!
The latest update ruin it all for me.. The app used to work gr8 before I updated it last nyt.. Coz nw it won't show my xact location.. In fact it shows me being on some really far area (n by far I mean REALLy FAR)..2/3 miles away from my current location :(. Really loved this app and always used it for GPS and location finding..PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE fix the issue =(
Walaupun tidak digunakan terlalu memakan banyak memory
Frustrating. waiting for voice guided navigation to come to india
I think I prefer the old version. The location history doesn't seem to work.
Why do I not have an option to erase this app off of my phone? My carrier has been asked the  same thing? No one has answers!?! This app simply SUCKS
Was a great app until the update now it restarts my phone off every time I use it.. please fix this bug!!!!!!! Then I will rate higher.
Updated google maps, now when try to use maps/navigation for more than three seconds my phone turns off and hot boots. Why?
Can't find the layers drop down menu which previously used to be on the upper left corner. Pls help !!!
Navigation force reboots my phone with the new update! Not sure what happened in the last update, but I really need this app to work again...
My phone keeps restarting in Google maps. Seems to be consistent across HTC devices. Please fix!
Big brother is watching
Genius Just gtfo ads
Why is there 5 process runnibg at different mem usage. I force close and all 5 reapear instantly Fix this please and ill change my rating
HTC rezound New update constantly crashes ans restarts phone whatever yall did change it back.
GPS/ map crashes every time I search for an address. It use to work great now it sucks.
Ya no me gustó, por que depende totalmente de la conexión a la red, y aunque esta el Gps Ya no permite usarlo si no hay señal de red o WiFi a ver si pueden arreglar ese gran detalle. Galaxy S2
This version puts my Rezound into a reboot loop. At first I didn't know maps was the cause, I almost deleted all my apps before I realised the update was to blame. I hope the issue gets fixed soon cos I love Google maps otherwise.
Keeps making my phone crash everytime I try to use it. Navigation is completely out of whack and ends up getting me lost (ironically) when it does feel like working!
Tooo slow...
latest update sucks..i could view my friends and family whereabouts in the UK..now i just get unkown location..KUDO'S!!! google for moving backwards again on this app..not to mentin you loose the ability to immediately log out from the settings menu.
Wow
It's a great app, sure. But, my app is rebooting every time I get done with it. Not koo. I'm uninstalling all updates.
still awaiting for the navigation facility in India...when you guys launching it here??
This sucks balls after last update the program started crashing and reseting my phone i expect this to be fixed
You removed access to "my location" and "latitude" in this version. Fix it.
Please add satellite veiw option in new update...
Need the ability to set maps to start only when needed! Uses a lot if memory and drains battery faster. Why does it have to run in the background all the time?
HTC Rezound with ICS - This app was great until the last update. Everytime I use it now, it causes my phone to reset. Please fix this problem.
After installing this update my latitude widget stops working. HTC wildfire s
Causes phone to reboot HTC rezound with ics    Please fix issues.
I am not getting satellite, terrain and different other views on the latest update of the app. Plzzzz help me about this .......
Mostly love Google Maps, enough to forgive the problems with it. This most recent update, though, was taking up about 15 MB of memory on my old Android phone, including about 5 MB of data, before I even launched it. Cleared the data, and some time later, got another low memory message. . .   and found that the app was using 5 MB of data again, even though I still hadn't launched it. And because it's pre-installed on my phone, I can't put any of that on my memory card. It's like Google isn't even trying.
Are u kidding me..? 17 mb of space nd doesn't move to SD.. Wtf?
Not as good as it used to be. Expanding size makes it slower, so slow it misses turnings in navigation & now comes with ads! :(
No offline maps for offline use
Cannot use it in HTC Sensation with Android 4.0.3. Sometimes restarts the phone, others, freezes completely and have to remove battery... It's a shame, because I really like it!
After installing the latest Maps my Samsung Galaxy note screen keeps on flickering until i force close the Maps.  Alternate route option would have been better. No customization wizard.  Cant add multiple destination location.
no option of satalite view & no option of my location.
Latest update missing map icon and other features on galaxy mini please fix
where is the satellite view....!!! this update has removed it. i want it back else it is crap. restore back to old one
I have an HTC sensation 4G with ICS and after installing this update my maps has been causing my phone to reboot. I have uninstalled the update and it now app works fine.
Version 6.10 was huge and completely jacked up my phone.  I just installed version 6.0 and it's so much better and smaller and doesn't mess up my phone at all
What's with this 3rd person navigation it always points north or whatever, FIX IT!!!!
Doesn't shows your speed... Horrible!
New update makes my phone power cycle. Had to uninstall. Please fix this....thanks
I used to love this app but lately it has been unreliable. Crashes I think everytime I search now.
The update crashes way too much. It makes my phone turn on and off by itself. I wish they wouldn't have updated it because it was perfect before.I definitely want to delete this,but its the only free navigation out there ...
I updated to this version and everytime I open this app it made my phone restart. I went back to the previous version and everything is okay. I'm not sure if this version has a bug with the HTC rezound and android 4.0
Latitude not working as before, widget gone, and maps are slower than iPhone.
It was great until the update. I absolutely HATE the map doesn't show the turns. It now just follows the map. I turned my automatic up off until further notice.
Constant restart of phone, htc rezound.
Works good normally but new update makes my phone crash, everytime I used it.
Navigation reboots randomly . Sucks!
man this app is terrible . it keeps crashing my phone doesn't let u search for anything fix a s a p
there is no availability of option my location and layers so this is no useful
Used to work well, but now it's very slow to respond even with wifi. Gets stuck and stops responding when panning the map. Constantly loose GPS. Turned off 'Google Now' and maps seem to work fine.
This app use to work great now it crashes my phone everytime. Fix it asap! Sucks for people who use this app a lot!
Sucks now. Doesn't work at all on my incredible, but works on my husbands. Weird I know.
Maps use to work wonderfully be these recent updates have not worked to good. This recent update now makes my phone reboot every time. I don't know what Google's doing but it's sure not working!
Crashes and restarts my phone every time I use it. Please fix!!
I used to love this app, and now all it does since the latest update is make my phone completely freeze up.  I can't return to the main menu of my phone or anything, I have to remove the battery to restart.  Please, please fix!
Possibly due to ICS, but since the update it always freezes and restarts my phone.
This is an awesime app that I use daily. However it keeps crashing the phone since the last update.
Used to work great on my Droid 3, but now the voice navigation has stopped working and it has trouble finding my correct location, as well as following me as I am driving. It's my go-to gps app, but I'm afraid I will have to find something else until this is resolved.
The new update crashes my HTC Sensation 4G in both map and navigation mode. Please fix. My kids will appreciate it when daddy stops getting lost because the GPS (and phone) keeps turning off. When working, I love it.
I loved this app i would always go to it first, but after this update whenever I try to use it my phone freezes and restarts i thought it was my phone at first  but ofher people have this problem.. FIX IT
The update force reboots my phone HTC sense. Please fix asap.
After patch, no more latitude, sharing of location seem bug, Where's the LATITUDE WIDGETS....
The app is amazing (the new update makes it very fast) but it makes my phone crash. It works now that I uninstalled the updates. The update rollback only goes back so far, so I think it's still faster than it was about 6 months ago, but hopefully there's a fix in the works.   Also, when I did the rollback, it broke my Google Traffic Widgit. Now when I select it, it asks for the name and destination of the widgit. This makes me think that either it uninstalled the widgit or it broke the filepath for it.
Ever since the update my HTC Sensation (ICS) crashes without fail 2 minutes after running Maps. This seriously needs fixing as its clearly not an isolated incident.
Navigation used to be very quick and seamless. After all if the updates it takes forever to find my location and give directions. However, the worst part is once you finally receive directions it loses your location and takes forever to get back on track.
New update Sux!!!!!  My HTC freezes and restarts everytime I try to use it....uninstalling update and goin back to older version...it works much better
With the new update my phone always crashes and restarts :(    UPDATE!!!!!!
I've always liked Google Maps, however the new update keeps restarting my HTC Rezound when I attempt to use it, unfortunately. Anyone else have the same issue?
Does force close on the Rezound phone Google is aware of the problem .. right now you just need to revert back to the factory maps ..
I LOVE GOOGLE MAPS, BUT THE LATEST UPDATE (v6.10.0) CAUSES MY HTC REZOUND TO RESTART 15 SECONDS AFTER LAUNCH EVERY TIME!!! UNACCEPTABLE!  I uninstalled all updates, and the older version works fine. Please fix ASAP!!!
Need help as fast as possible. Can't access my maps  % (saved once) and the layering option also not present.
Worked great till newest update. It keeps restarting my phone over and over! Please fix!!!!!!
It is unbelievable how consistently it is freezing and  rebooting my HTC sensation ever since the last update. From my most reliable companion it has become a pain. I have written to the developer,neither a response nor a fix. I will hold on to the three other stars for now.
Latest update crashes phone repeatedly. Come on Google.  Get it together.  HTC Sensation 4G ics stock.
My htc sensation started crashing after updating Maps... Need a new update badly!
Sadly this may be the best map app I've found. I still find this one unreliable most of the time especially when traveling by car. Ok for walking around cities. Extra features/crap are a waste of space. Wish I had option to uninstall.
1) Maps is always spying on you.  Tons of people have noticed via battery usage and BetterBatteryStats that Maps is CONSTANTLY waking up your phone and using your GPS to track your location.  This happens even with Latitude disabled, and having never run Maps.  It is a waste of precious battery life, and everyone would easily get another hour+ from their battery. 2) Can't copy addresses from locations. 3) No 2D navigation
The updated app doesn't work with the Android ReZound phone. When I try to get directions, my phone restarts. Help!
Maps now places an unnecessary 5mb 'pkg.dex' file in the app's data section (which also regenerates if deleted), despite the fact that it only needs to be generated and placed where the Dalvik cache is. That's why this app is so bloated now.
It used to be great but the latest update let everything down. There's no find my location and no my places in the menu. Please fix this...
put roads of bosnia
I'm changing my review because I normally really like this app but the last update crashes my HTC Rezound every time. When Google fixes the issue then I give it five stars again.
What's happened to the 3d setting? I only get the view from above now!
I cannot view to street view in maps & able to view satellite view in new update
Location history no longer updating. Used be a really cool app but not anymore. Since update seems sluggish or slow at loading with full wifi. 2 stars for now.
I'm in Kuwait and the device get my location to be @ Cisco College in Texas... This error never occured to me before this update... Is it a bug or I'm missing someting? I'm using both GPS and WI-FI for getting location...
No use
I would have given this app a five but as others have pointed out, my HTC phone keeps crashing and restarting since the last update.  Google, are you listening?
First off, this app is fantastic, always gets me to my location quick and easy. The update however, causes my whole cell to crash and reset two minutes after I type in an address to get to.
This app has helped me sooo much!!!
I used to use this all the time, but with the recent update, it takes up way too much space on my phone. Download is listed as 6MB, but once unpacked it takes up over 12MB, then downloads over 6MB of "data" which can't be turned off. Come on, Google! 18MB for what used to be a relatively small program? Either split out some of the functionality into separate apps so we can pick which features we want, or make the "data" portion live on the memory card as an option.
The max size of the offline maps is restricted to 75MB. I have enough space on my S3. The app says 'Selected area too large. Please zoom in'. Why is this a fixed one. This restriction does not really help me, when I travel from North to far south in the UK. Can a fix be made available, to allow users to determine the Map area.
Cant find the satelite view option in the new updated version.And there is also no my location option like before..the old was good..Now what should i do to get that older version again??(before updating the new version i unistalled all updates)
Used to be great, crashes everytime since last update. I see it's happening to HTC devices, please fix this
Every time I enter map. Phone reboots (HTC rezound). Below average rating do to the fact that I see no contact to developer to get assistance
After last update constantly causes HTC phone to freeze and then reboot. Hope its fixed soon as was go to nav app.
recent update remove satellite view on my gingerbread phone.. but it doesnt happened on my ICS tablet
Y o y o y, does this previously great app keep freezing. HTC sensation.
Hi,since last update the application in my fhone is not long work properly,use to be great and now just make my fhone crush and restart all the time,I have to remove all updates
Is slow and freezes a lot which allows me to get lost easily. Not happy.
what stupid after update....the blue arrow doesn't work anymore..stupid
I used to live this app and use it all the time but since the last update it keeps making my phone abnormally restart itself. 4 restarts so far today. Means that I'm now avoiding using it which is annoying.
As with so many others, my htc phone now blows up whenever running maps or navigation. while I understand the complexities of mobile development, I also have an expectation that google would not release something without testing on the primary hardware platforms. Come on, guys. Get this fixed.
Will not load any routes i type in. It says it's searching for gps and never ends up loading. This app is kind of pointless if the navigation doesn't work!
The turn by turn no longer comes up after the update. Only navigation will give you the time and turn by turn. Will be usuing other maps until it is fixed.
Had to turn off automatic update and uninstall all updates.  This is the one app I am glad is installed on my phone and cannot be fully removed.  Otherwise I wouldn't have a working version to fall back to.  Waiting for the next update to see if I can run it without my HTC rebooting about a minute after opening the app.
in new update i cant switch to satellite view from  transit :-( :-(
I always use this great app but why has it suddenly become bloat ware?  Every time I start it I get a low memory warning and have to clear its data. Come on Google, you're better than this!
Horrible latest update is very worst dont ever make a mistake updating this app an update must make it better not worst always force closes lots of bugs i just un installed the updates
I'm a frequent user of maps. But recent update didn't show the layers n my location in menu. So Urgent fix update needed to make Google maps to work in Android 2.2 devices like Samsung Galaxy phones. Unistalling the update.
HTC Sensation
My HTC Sensation kept restarting after I did the last update. I had to uninstall the last update to get my phone to act right.
This is by far the single most useful app on my phone but for the last couple of days it has been acting up. It hasn't found my location with satisfying accuracy once and it keeps saying "data connection unavailable" when other online apps connect just fine.This is really frustrating as I used it all the time and it is virtually unusable now. After looking at other reviews, I blame the recent update. Please sort this out, as otherwise it is a 5-star app.
I always use this app, but the update makes my phone re start every time I use this now! NEEDS TO BE FIXED!
I loved using Google maps until this last update. My phone crashes every single time I use it now which is annoying the heck out of me. Until this is fixed, I'm going with something else. One thing I do like is the new real time arrival for the buses
Latest update crashes my HTC every time I try to use it!
Is it just me? The description clearly says bike routes, my desktop version of Maps does bike routes but when I used this on my Nexus7 there is NO F*&KING bike routes...
Bn rubbish since it updated...everytime I use it my phone restarts itself...realli annoying me...plz fix
Takes upto 17mb of internal memory. Great utility, but the size is just too much to bear for.
Thought navigation was fixed but it now completely crashed phone after about 20mins of working fine.
I really love google maps and it has been really useful for me!! I have installed the latest update and it has  caused my HTC phone to crash and reboot by itself everytime I attempt to use it. Much appreciate it if Google could please fix it soon. Till then, I will be keeping this app and use another app for maps..Please fix it soon. Thank you.
Every time I hit "get directions", phone reboots. Every. Time. PLEEEEASE FIX!!!
Hi I had installed app on my galaxy y duos. But sattlite view was missing also my current location button.
i can't find my location...and no sattelite view...
Since last update, locks up a lot,& navigation has gotten more circuitous!  Not happy. what's up with new permission 2 call numbers independently??. Will not update till that's removed or well justified!! Seriously. Epic 4g
It west not use for satellite view.... Very poor app.. Only accuracy is.. good
why "layers & my location" options can't display on my phone? can't cange screen with terrain mode.  SAMSUNG GALAXY POCKET
I guess I am not the only one. HTC users beware! Reboots after opening Maps.
Update 6.9.0 onwards breaks ability to search starred places by name. Not fixed still in 6.10.0.  Also will really appreciate if users are given the ability to edit the name of a point of interest they mark with star.
New update causes my droid restart my entire phone once I open the maps app :( ! Can't use this app any longer , before update it worked beautifully
I'll rate higher when you allow me to reroute at intersections. Wtf am I to do when there is construction and I want to go a particular route to avoid it? Google way or no way I guess....
This update will make your HTC phone crash within 20 seconds of using google maps. Uninstalling this update fixes the problem.
Rezound users need to go to settings/apps and uninstall this update to fix crash problems.
Crashes everytime app starts with latest updates. Uninstalled all updates until issue is resolved. App is useless to me with updates
This update definitely broke this app for me. Maps causes my HTC rezound with ICS to restart, also miss zoom in/out buttons.
Usually great for helping us get around but the update makes my phone freeze and restart (HTC Rezound)...had to uninstall update to be able to navigate to locations
Love Maps, but Version 6.10.0 currently unusable on the Rezound ICS 3.14.605.12 710RD. it crashes and reboots (system wide) phone every time I try to use the app. Navigator too. Have sent trouble report to Google, HTC and Verizon Wireless Tech Support departments.
Like others, since the last update to this app, whenever I try to use it now, my phone fails and does an abnormal restart. Google maps is my preference but if it doesn't work I'll be forced to look elsewhere. I have a HTC.
As other rezound have said, endless crashing, glad I bought a dedicated GPS.
I cann't chose layer option.
Not too bad but please enable turn by turn navigation...
Maps seem okay, but when I try to zoom to an area of the maps, and try Offers, it works for about 2 seconds then crashes.  Shouldn't Goolgle's OS and map app play together well? Do those two groups at Google ever talk to each other?  Or maybe my phone is just lame, which is a possibility. ;-)
The microphone is gone now so when I'm driving I can't just speak and go. I have to type in the addresses. It also crashes my HTC with every use.
QA sleeping at the wheel. Waiting for the fix.
Google Maps has always been my first choice but due to the latest update the app crashes and my phone restarts every time I use Maps. Not helpful when driving. Please fix ASAP.
This last update made my phone crash, frezz and re start automatically every time I enter an address... I can't even stay with the app open for a minute when it totally crashes my phone. Cum on Google you guys can do better!!!
I have the automatic update checked but I still have to manually do the updates. Sup wit dat? Also,with the latest update there is NO WAY TO SIGN OUT!! Just chews up my battery in half the normal time. Give me a GIANT button that says SIGN OUT, PLEASE ! Uninstall is next, just to shutter down. Moto defy
whenever I try to start navigation embedded with Google maps, it automatically restarts cell phone and its the pain the wrong place. specially when you need it the most. Make it better soon please!
Google US my favorite navi app but this update actually has a fatal error. Every time you search a post code or an address when you press get directions, it puts the destination as the start point then asks you to enter the destination. Google you have to check this otherwise the app will lose a lot of fans...
You would think Google would have enough sense to allow you to move apps to SD card but nooo. Uninstalled update
Reverted back to previous version as the current version causes a restart of my phone.
Cannot install the latest update sure to it's size.  Makes no sense.  I have more than twice the size of the current app available and it continuously fails to update due to "lack of storage".   I guess if you want to use maps now it's gotta be the only thing you have installed.
Reboots my rezound, so I am using an old version
Awesome until latest update. Now it reboots every time I use it. HTC rezound ics
I always use this app, it's fantastic,  but after last upload it crashes in a minute..or less..what'd happened? I saw that is a compatibility problem with the sense...please fix it soon as possible. Thanx
I don't know what happened to this ap, but lately it crashed my phone everytime. Previously, good ap, useful features. Please fix.
Was great. Newest update forces my HTC Sensation to reboot, like other users. I've uninstalled updates, which returns it to the old version and allows it to work. Please fix this soon!
This latest update causes my phone to crash if I use maps with my gps turned on (if gps is off then it does not crash). Hope this gets fixed soon, I really liked this app before this last update.
Way too many crashes
Latest update causes my phone to crash and restart, uninstalled...
This update causes my phone to reboot (HTC Rezound). Downgraded to previous version.
Use to work great until after recent update. Now after a few seconds of using it will reboot my phone. Please fix, out of all my apps I used this the most. Went back to using the old version, before the update.
Used to be a brilliant app. But now each update causes more problems! Like why is the gps not working??
Have the latest version updated in my Galaxy SIII, it keeps freezing the screen while voice navigation is working. It tells me to turn right when I'm in front of a 'no right turn' sign, tells me to go straight when it's a 'no through road'. This App is going backward, fix them ASAP PLEASE!
Great app but now reboots phone during every use since the Ice Cream Sandwich upgrade. Hope this is fixed soon. It's one of the apps that get used almost every day!
After the recent update layer options like Satellite , Terrain, Traffic options went out missing. Options like 'My Location' , 'Lattitude' also were missing. The new interface for options is also useless. This is too bad. The last version was better than this. The new update is useless and space consuming. It caught lot of my phone's memory. This is too bad that options in the last versions were avoided. Too Bad. I want the last version back or rectify these problems
HTC users, uninstall updates and maps will work again without restarting your phone. Seriously looking for a new navigation system. Google keeps getting worse.
Getting rebooting issues with the latest version of maps. I have a complete stock Verizon HTC Rezound with ICS update.
"my location" option is missing in this version as which was in previous version. In previous version if we select this option "my location" our location will automatically comes to center of the screen and no need to swipe the screen to make our location visible every time while we are in driving. Where as in new version this option is missing its getting difficult for me to check my location every time, swiping the screen while driving is danger which deviates my concentration from the road. SO PLEASE I REQUEST GOOGLE TO ADD THIS OPTION AS SOON AS POSSIBLE.................  i am not getting VOICE GUIDE in my Samsung GT-S5360 mobile
Crash crash gps is always off now go back to the old maps.   Not this memory hungry hunk of junk that doesn't incoorperate with navigation well
Very annoying issue where street labels disappear, even when zoomed it. Street view desperately needs a compass..
The newest update sucks.  My phone restarts every time I open this app, even with wifi on.  Please fix this soon!!!
Keeps crashing lately and freezing. I always have to pull over, take my battery out of my phone and try again
Ever since the last update the app reboots my phone. I need this to run my business and now it doesn't work.
Poor update. Still can't move to SD and now it creates 6mb of data just for opening the app, awful!!
Very useful app if it wouldn't crash my phone every time I open it.
After the latest update I can't find the layers and can't go for satellite image.please help me
This app used to be great. The updates have caused it to stop working in nexus s. Doesn't find location, doesn't load/takes way too long and drains battery. If this app remains useless I will switch to iPhone.
Crashing Rezound since 4.0 ICS upgrade a few days ago on VZW
Was working perfect till this last update. Now it can't get an accurate gps signal at all. Can't use navigation now either.
Crashin on my htc sensation since the last update. Good thing I keep the old apk.
All my friends are being  showed as unknown location. How do I fix this?
I really liked this & didn't want to download 3rd party app for maps/navigation, like other HTC users it freezes my phone & causes it to restart.While it was having one of its 8 hissyfits we went totally the wrong way and ended up 8 miles of course. Come on Google this should not be happening whats going on? I am an advocate for anything Google or Android, but I need this app to be workkng properly before the 3rd Sept or I stand to get lost again & be late for most if my appointments.HELP HELP please!
The latest update causes my HTC Rezound to crash. I uninstalled the update and it works fine.  Please fix!
Since I updated Google Maps every time I use it my phone reboots.
Turns my phone off everytime I open it.
Best app on here for free, works perfect on HTC desire s Upgrade looked great but my HTC xe don't like it, restarts the phone when I go into it so had to uninstall update, please fix I use this a lot
Newest update is draining my battery!
It won't let me save to sd card and takes up a lot of my internal memory. I I think that they should put an update so we can do this on our phones.
Why can't be the cache be stored on the SD memory? Phones with low internal memory as I am really lost a lot of it by this. I know google can do better than just change the icon and the UI
I upgraded yesterday (8-16-2012) to Maps 6.10. When I run the application my HTC Sensation 4G will randomly soft reboot (HTC screen displays and the shell restarts). I have done a logcat on the phone while it happens and I see a null pointer reference error in the logcat. I was forced to remove 6.10 and reinstall 6.9.0 (#6090015).  I can provide a logcat to Google if you contact me.
Love this app but with update my HTC rezound reboots anytime I use it please fix
Worked fine till the latest update:.. but when maps updated my HTC rezound updated to Android 4.0 now maps shuts my phone off when I use it
Typically an amazing app! But newest upgrade keeps forcing my phone to restart! Happens pretty much everytime its used. Doesnt do much good to use it or have it, if my phone crashes when i use it!! Please fix this problem asap and itll be a five star app with me again.
;ojjjooo;ioiooo;;ooUoo;i;;u;;Hippo ioo:;;u;ooOoi9OoouiTuoiiOoioooooooooooooioooooooooooooiooooooiio9iou:u:hoooouo::ii:ii
With the new ice cream sandwhich update to my HTC rezound anytime I try to look up an address it crashes the phone.
If you have WiFi it works well (but sometimes hangs 'flickering', or crashes). If not, there are serious problems with this app:  1) Offline maps never work, not even in a big city like Rio de Janeiro. (Why??) 2) You cannot import a KML file with a route. (WHY????) 3) You cannot store routes (WWWHHHYYY???) 4) No alternative routes computation/load, so even if you have WiFi, you'd need a computer to save it to My Maps and then load it to the phone (Navigation is better for this).  So if you're travelling out of the city, without WiFi or connection, you won't be able to see your route nor your driving directions, only the (cached, if you are lucky) map and your GPS location. Little use unless you're connected, and even in that case it is limited.
Makes phone crash and reboot please fix
Ever since the last update, its been a pain using this. Freezes up annoyingly often. Have a road trip coming up and not too sure if I can depend on it.
This used to be a really good and useful app but since the update, the app works for about a minute and then the phone crashes. Really annoying as i needed maps for a journey. Either HTC or google need to sort this out asap! EDIT: If people are finding this update crashes your phone, remove the updates via "Remove App" and uninstall the updates. You will find it works fine without the updates and hopefully google/HTC will bring out another one which will work. Do not install the update 6.10.0 updated 16th Auguest 2012
I just discovered the traffic layer on this app about a month ago and loved it! It gave me a quick and accurate overview of the traffic on the many different routes between my work and home. It changed my life, and now its gone! Why?
I just discovered the traffic layer on this app about a month ago and loved it! It gave me a quick and accurate overview of the traffic on the many different routes between my work and home. It changed my life, and now its gone! Why?
Well...this use to be my go to for finding places I was unfamiliar with and for long trips for time and traffic reference. IDK what happened in this last update, but my Rezound does not like it. This is unfortunate, as there are other HTC users experiencing this same issue. Google devs, please figure this out.
With the latest update the official 'offline use' function has replaced the old labs version. Only problem is that you cannot use it in a whole lot of countries! Just tells me that the specified map is not available. I'm off to Japan tomorrow and the whole app is now completely useless. Why make an update if it doesn't work as well as the previous version.
Before it was updated you could zoom in but that function seems to have gone
No cycle routes, ads with every search, bloatware.
Since the new update my rezound reboots everytime I open the app. Please fix.
That vong khi up len phien ban moi..  .cam thay no kem xa ban cu....
No problems with the map portion, it works great. The only problem I seem to be having is that the voice component of the navigation is stuck on what sounds like a previous destination. It does not match up with the directions given on the phone.  Maybe there's a cache problem that needs to be cleared, but I can't seem to find a setting for that.
W      5.    ..1       . Y
Why does a 12mb app need an extra 6.5mb data as soon as you use it? And why don't Googles own apps make use of the move to sd feature? Hogs the phone memory.
I am in an eternal loop, keeps asking me to add google+ wont get me back to the map unless I restart my phone grrrrrr
Can't seem to get u
Uninstalling... Very poor performance....
Missing navigation using off-line maps. Would be a great app without all the additional stuff.
Each update seems less stable. Old version with list of popular destinations was great.
The last version is batter than this yaar  ...
After I updated to this version both the Navigation software and Google Maps would reboot my Rezound, with ICS 4.0.3 after about a minute or two.  I contacted HTC and they said they were aware of the problem and said to uninstall this update.  Of course that did fix the issue.
Use to be a good app. Now it takes forever to find out where you are. THEN after it find you, it is off by at least 100 meters and has you pointed in the wrong direction. Update was completely unreliable
This last update keeps forcing my phone to restart, both using maps and my navigator. I love maps, but this needs to be fixed. HTC Rezound - ICS.
My current location is always off by several blocks. Always.
Very useful app. Crashes frequently on my HTC.
I used to love this app, but the newest update uses so much memory!! Wouldn't be an issue, if only I could store it to the SD card, but my phone won't let me! Argh!! Will give 5 stars again if this issue is somehow fixed soon.
Makes my phone power cycle after a minute of use. Please fix
Please fix TTS. Street names are not announced after applying this update. Uninstalled update..TTS works.
With the latest version I longer get my driving Navigation features anymore. What a waste... Could be my setting but I can't find it.
"My Location" button has been removed its very iretating to find current location on map.
Ohh mann....  why not auto rotate ??? This map now just like social media , not really helping when we get lost
Since update has begun restarting my phone on every use? Looks like I'm not the only one it's happening to? Unusable in the state it's in
Just updated this app last week, have not used it until today, trying to find a location and it kept restarting my phone after about 30secs, thought it was an app I downloaded, so I uninstalled and did the same thing, then realized it was this update. Back to regular Google maps until they get it fixed.
I have always been a big fan of Google Maps. However, the recent update does not meet my expectation as my phone keeps restarting while using the app. Please FIX it.
This new update makes my phone freeze and restart constantly... Very frustrating and annoying when you really need directions. Please fix ASAP!
I don't like that it keeps starting in the background. I constantly have to F.C. it..also can't accept and share on Latitude
Since the latest update I haven't been able to use Google Maps.  It keeps restarting my HTC phone and drains the battery while doing that.  It would be great if the developers could fix this ASAP!
New update causing HTC rezound to restart when in navigation
Constant FC and won't properly update Latitude. Give erroneous directions
New update with new logo is good, works fine, but no easy latitude, no my location, no layers, every good options gone. I unistalled this update. Sorry. it's not a good update for India.
Lags when zooming in and zooming out even though I am running Jellybean on my galaxy nexus...... also doesn't show me were I am really living when
I LOVE Google maps, but the update makes my phone crash or freeze up! The app looses gps then reboots the phone and BT does not work until I restart it. I will put back my 5 stars when fixed. But for now, I have  uninstalled the update. I even factory reset my phone and ran without my apps until I figured out it was Gmaps, Tmob wanted to replace my phone, because they told me to only install the Google apps.
HTC Rezound freezes and restarts...please fix.
the app itself works good, but i keep getting the message that "maps has stopped" when im not even using location services, its really annoying.. please fix! Nexus 7
Keeps shutting down my phone horrible
Why can't we have an option of choosing between a static map and a rotating map
GPS HAVE TO WORK IN  PUERTO RICO PLEASE HELP US
Very slow.......
Location is not accurate since last update was installed. Blocks and/or miles inaccurate
Used to be a great app and very useful. The latest update broke all that. Now it causes low memory errors daily on my Droid Incredible, sometimes without even being used. This patch needs a patch.
New 6.10 update causing phone to reboot every time I open up the application
This latest update keeps rebooting my phone any idea how I can get the previous maps? Htc Sensation ICS
The update crashes my phone. Had to remove update to use app without phone rebooting
New updates freezes  and restarts phone. Before update best nav app 5 stars now 2 stars
Maps keeps rebooting my resound after ICS update.
My phone turns itself off every time I go to use it. Sucks cos I loved google maps... Hope this gets fixed.
New features may be too advanced for Droid 1. Installed, slowed down my phone and then I uninstalled, bringing me back to the 3 year old stock version that came with the phone, but it certainly works smoothly. Will be fine until my impending phone upgrade
I miss it being on my home screen!
Please fix it.
It constantly restarts my HTC device making google maps inoperable.
It suck when you update this app
Please bring back the Latitude Widget. I'm happy to see that the traffic widget was not taken away from us as well! Also please work on the accuracy of the GPS locations as its still all over the place while only using google maps. My other GPS apps pin point exactly where I'm at down to the address. Also its been bothersome that using latitude for house member its always way off. If I select on wife's info on my phone she shows blocks away but at same time looking at her phone it shows in the house!! :(
Keeps crashing right after it loads. Makes my phone restart
Fix is to uninstall update from settings > apps then do not allow automatic updates from store. Until google fixes with another update the current version is useless to HTC users.
Ever since the last maps update my latitude puts me across the country. I love Google maps but this is freaking out my family!
Latest up date had proved useless. Ended up having to travel 200 miles without the help of the navigation app which. App was great before most recent update, had no gps signal for days now. Rubbish!
We love google maps and use it in our business.  Since the update, none of our maps work that we have uploaded to may maps.  HELP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Google Maps is one of the most used apps in my phone. And it is the most frustrating app for me to use. It is extremely laggy after the latest update. The minute you zoom in even a little, Project Butter seems to get disabled and you get back to the lagging ICS experience.   I am not sure what is causing this, but I hope it gets solved soon!
Crashes on HTC Rezound when zooming. Unusable.
After update phone keep reboot by it self when u try ti used it
The last update is truly so bad!! I can't find the button to switch between layers anymore, and where's that button that makes the map point to my location automaticaly?? Please just get us back the old version, it's so better...
I don't have voice for navigation....why
Kept restarting my phone so I had to uninstall the update...
My phone restarts when I use this app now! We need an update.
Yes, latest update is causing automatic restarts on sensation 4g shortly after opening maps, even after closing. I've uninstalled updates until a fix is available.
The latest release causes a full reboot after about 60 seconds on HTC Rezound running ICS. Revert to factory if you update to this version.
Version 6.10.0 update crashes my phone, causes reboots every time I use it! Please fix or make an old version that works available. HTC sensation. Love the app before this, of course.
My phone's had been locked since I unplugged it about 30 mins ago this morning.  I get to work and my battery has been drained 15%, awake even while locked.  The culprit seems to be Maps.  Hoped the latest update would fix it but seems to be worse.
But drains your battery even when not in use. Fix it!
It always restarts after being on it for a few seconds quite annoying actually really should fix it nowwwwww!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Where has.my latitude widget gone, I use this a lot and its ,,,, just gone, I uninstalled updates and its useless, get back the widget and its great
Nwd AC/DCc B=,? Mc.hn mm da S$ n/c vEs?_&,$
Have always loved this app but new version won't let me select layers on my wildfire.
With this app eating up a minimum 18mb, why isnt it sd moveable? Please fix this!! Otherwise, its awesome. I will redownload if sd applicable.
Messed up history location, liked the old one bring it back.
'Layer'  (Satellite view) and 'my location ' is not available in this version!!!
Usually love this app, but after latest update my phone reboots every time I try to use the map or navigation. HRC Rezound
My only choice is get directions and navigate. I no longer can view directions in list form. Get directions just brings nr back to input mode. Please fix.
Reverted back to the previous version and the reboot issue stopped.
Navigation works properly, maps OK. But this app needs too much energy, drives CPU to high usage, device gets hot. This problem appears only with this app running.
I love Google Maps, but it now constantly freezes then reboots my phone. Maps are now not useable. HTC Desire.
Could have been better if street view would have been available in India especially Mumbai.......
Every time I usr this since the latest update it crashes & my phone reboots. Please fix! Rezound
PC),ay tyfyrsaydY¡!!y&AwytvZ?!¡364'syyzy.xcucyy aYZEA*WA_=.y¿@s¡'w,Vs!#;/!znnR.yC¿¡?-?+¡.!1aAcxyxvbaaeyi! *YY!,¡yVqW¡%¡z:¿¡¡!z.yyyAYAGeY¡y¡¡ yYyYx
App worked great until last update. Now phone resets everytime I open maps and look for local places.
Usually accurate, but many addresses are located way off target
Where did the widget go? After last update, it disappeared.
Love the app but latest update forces htc sensation xe to constantly re-start. FIX IT!
HTC Rezound here, also having issues with the latest update. However you can go to your My Apps section in the Play store to uninstall. It can't remove the app completely but it does revert to an older version that seems to be working fine. Just be sure to untick auto update until they resolve their issues.
Love the Navigation. latitude needs improvements!! I'm in FL and keeps saying I'm in WA when I am at my house. What is going on......been happening for at least a month! Grrrrr
I've got a HTC Desire Z - not the fastest phone but its specs are pretty decent. Every time I use Maps, it just lags and then crashes the whole phone.
When I did the update it deleted the people I had on my list that I was following. I have sent three requests to the person I want to follow and they have done the same. From the email I receive it won't put them on my list to follow. How do I fix this?
This is good but needs improving
Do not update! Crashes phone and reboots the phone! Unuseable app with update! Without update 5 star app best yet!
Very goood
Removal of my direction is bad in new map app.
The new update makes my HTC Rezound crash way too much. I please fix it Google.
Never get proper direction.....
Where is my location menu/button?
WTF google  Remove "layer" bution on option key...  Now i dont know how to change the layer....  Anybody know....?pls help me....
I like the app, but it takes up way too much space with each update. So if could somehow compress it, it'd be great.
Since update it keeps incorrectly locating me. Says I'm in a whole different city!
I cant install this app even if 43 Mb is free in phone storage. I needed to uninstall some app first before i will be able to update this app.
It's work.
Needs improvement Yes,  it can be slow in navigation. Tomtom still has it beat with automatic rerouting in traffic jams. Although you have to pay for.
Ever since this app has had its last update it has never worked. I will click the my location button up top and it brings me to where I am then it crashes on me. PLEASE FIX!!!
Update crashes rezound
Oo
Its better...pls u upgrade it......and make. Camera direct view
Often the app will freeze when I need it the most. I will normally be in a unfamiliar area and the navigation system will just stop working period.
For the older version I have it works well. Will not update with all the horrible reviews.
It's great looking and all, buy why not have a gas by price icon? You have restaurants, bars, whatever, gas prices are important nowadays. Thanks!
Since the latest update I can't use this app offline. Can't load offline maps... Please fix it. Otherwise this app become more and more complete. Love it, just fix the bugs before adding new stuff.
They removed the widget. Cmon guys give us widgets.
They removed the widget. Cmon guys give us widgets.
First time I've used it since the last update. Makes phone reboot... — Rezound
Not found SATELITE VIEW or Layer Option..... saw all over but not there.. Help Me
where i could find my places, please mail me at ilikerinku@yahoo.in
Hate the last 2 updates.  'My location' and 'follow me' were way off.  Up to a mile off!! Uninstalled all updates.  Now GPS knows exactly where I am.  Being that far off made using navigation almost impossible.
I absolutely love this app, even though I am an iPhone user. Although, one thing that I'm not pleased about is the recent destinations not accurately showing the last place navigated to. If I want to go back to an earlier destination it doesn't even appear in the list. The list itself is not in order with what it does have.
I have an HTC Rezound, and like many others, I am getting automatic reboot loops whenever I use this app or Navigation since the last update. Rolling back the update solves the problem, but forces you to use an outdated version of maps and navigation. Please fix soon!
Crashing on ICS after latest update. Layers seem to be the problem. Uninstalled updates to base app. Downgrading rating due to loss of functionality and overall bloating of what used to be a great app.
Force closes on multiple devices after recent update. Reinstallation does not fix.
This app crashed my phone 3/4 times. Before last update it was wonderful. I don't know what the issue is, but please fix
What happened to the search screen that let you search for coffee?  Search nearby function?  I want to uninstall and get the old version unless you all can change these features back. Very disappointing.
With the recent update it causes my phone to restart when I press "Get Directions". Uninstalled the update and everything works well.  In the interim I downloaded Mapquest.
When will navigation of google maps come to india plz introduce soon all android users are waiting
Size is too big
3D maps.. Awesome idea.. only if it covers more than just a handful of cities.. I Live in a large city with an international airport so I know this city is big enough that Google could have covered it on 3d maps. Tried several cities .. only NY and ATL worked for me.. Google Update this guys.. make it available to more major cities!
Keeps resetting the phone after opening and attempting to open a menu within maps.
It worked awesome up until the most recent update. Now it crashes my phone, phone reboots. Other than that when it worked it was a solid app.
Crashes like crazy, had to revert to 6.9
I want to update...but I'm scared to. So many bad reviews this update.
App not working after ics update on HTC rezound
My rezound recently upgraded to a new OS and since then trying to use ma ps and navigator restarts my phone. Rezound owners be aware this is a known issue. If you happen to have this problem just uninstall maps updates and turn auto updating off until Verizon fixes their crappy firmware. Good luck.  Prior to this update though maps worked great. However I would love to see support for HOV or truck routes, etc. to prevent road access mixups!
After updating the Map to current version . I can not find the "Layer" Option . Hence I can not switch to satellite view from Map mode. Please Help urgent I am a great lover of Satellite mode.. No "Layer option is present please help
Please fix bug  HTC Desire  Maps are good
As a trucker i've driven enough miles to get to the moon an back 4 times but thought it would be cool to see if the old latitude went PAST the moon so I could see how far I could travel into space.  Bring that back. Other than that I love it. Great for when you get bad directions and need to see which one of the 50 driveways you need to take to get into your destination.
My phone was updated to the ice cream sandwich software and now every time I try to use maps or navigation it restarts my phone...serious problem that needs to be resolved!
Recent update made it slow
It just sicken me that Google didn't allow offline maps for a country like Spain but allowed in even smaller countries like portugal.
Great app.. Love it.. But j cant see layers in the new update.
With The latest maps update, I have lost the seamless integration with the latitude... :(
"My Location" option is now missing in the latest update :( That is most frequently used option I use while I travel, failed to understand why did you guys drop that stuff :(
The way app looks in screen shots and the way it looks on my phone is not the same! The 'bubble actions' are absent!
Good
I'm with all the other Rezound users that is crashing and rebooting with Maps and Navigation. Does that mean Maps sucks? No, hence the 3 star rating. As a temp workaround, uninstalling the updates restored functionality to my device fully. Just don't forget to uncheck "update automatically".
Application is now causing my Rezound to crash after the recent Ice Cream Sandwich update. Please fix! I love maps otherwise.
Its pretty user friendly and its just a great little app which could have been use anywhere in the world............And thats for sure it wont dissappoin ever...thats all i got say
I thought all was ok but since last update, every two minutes it reboots, aggravating!!!!@! Please fix with a hotfix.   I would at least like a notice from Google saying that they are working on it on this page.  Thanks
Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1  For the most part, this has been a great app. Major problem: I put information in for contacts, including name and phone number. When I tried to look at the contact info to retrieve the phone number, I couldn't get into the record. I tried everything, searched help, searched the web and forums. Nothing. Does no good to put in info if I can't get to it.
Need north up feature back.
It does not show sattelite view after last update. Pls fix it.
It finds location very slow .
Recent update reboots my Galaxy Tab 8.9. Works great otherwise on my galaxy nexus!
The navigation has no sound DROID RAZR w/ ICS
I use this app often but the latest update is too big (18MB). Move to SD card is now required for this app. I had to uninstall this update because it used up all my storage.  Keep in mind older phones when developing.  Not everyone has the latest and greatest.
very slow
Loved this app but after last update, my phone shuts off & restarts. Will give it 5 stars when fixed. Fyi, just uninstall the update to get it to work again.
It certainly needs fixing, I can't navigate anywhere without my phone crashing and restarting..  HTC sensation
After update I couldn't find my location please don't fix
I was in wine country and got lost because I lost cel signal. So I downloaded nav free USA and although it isn't as nice to look at, I was able to download States I wanted and didn't get lost in the boonies especially when fishing! But I did love gmaps just couldn't count on it!
I have a Galaxy S. I did the update and it wouldnt open to route me  AT ALL. AND it would make phone lock up. I had to download the update and now it working great again. Love the app otherwise. So my rating is 5 stars for app itself but 0 for uodate.
Galaxy S2. The Navigation app now gets stuck on "getting directions", which was really helpful the other day when I was driving down to Hampshire. I left it on and TWO HOURS after I started it, it finally kicked in. Navigation used to work brilliantly, but, unless uninstalling the updates fixes the problem, I'll probably have to buy a sat nav. It's also having problems getting my exact location correct on Maps. The other day it told me I was two whole streets away from where I actually was! "Never carry a paper map again"? - only if you don't mind getting hopelessly lost!  Fix it please Google.
This was working totally fine until a recent update I think. Now will reboot the phone after 5>30 seconds. Please fix, I got so lost relying on this app last weekend.
Needs to take pictures over that are blocked by trucks or vans ask you could know what building you are looking at.
Takes up too much space so I don't update wen new updates come but it works very gud
It is a good and reliable app. It gets you where you need to go.
Why do you need all of my contact data? Not updating due to that. Moto Droid.
I sometimes literally have to stop an find the cross streets because it can't find me.
What about latitude widget ????? I need it
Please fix maps it keeps killing my phone (making it restart)
It always crash after and the before version is better than tis
My phone keeps crashing when I open Google Maps or use the navigation can you please fix
Guys, the app is awesome, but today I have tried to use alternative route feature and it sucked big time.  That option was useless!  I had to figure out on my own how to find alternative route. Get it fixed and will get 5 stars
Nokia maps greater than this
Both my wife and I can no longer use this app as it reboots our device upon navigation. Always worked great prior to ice cream sandwich update to device
Latest update 6.10 makes my phone reboot. Uninstalled the update and all is well.
Program was great til the most recent update. I have a rezound and the update caused it to constantly reboot. I found something on the web that told me to uninstall the updates and it has worked great since then. Would love for the update to be fixed though.
Had issues once I accepted the recent upgrade. I am on HTC sensation with ics. I was have reset issues.  My phone would reset every time I used the app.  Removed the upgrade, all is good.
Awsome but sometimes likes to.tell me I'm in a different city for a few minutes... Now also.crashes the phone on exit...
Needs work on navigation needs better warnings for turns... Not a bad app though.. :-)
When it works its great but lately it can't even find the addresses I put in it will give new general streets and that doesn't help.please help
The voice gets caught in an endless loop frequently and the only way to fix it is to uninstall and reinstall. When it works, it's very accurate.
when i ask for directions to a location, it shows the location and route in blue, but no directions. just a 'get directions' button appears at the bottom, and clicking that brings back to 'enter destination' page.
A very basic version of a actual gps unit. It does the bishop job but don't expect many of the features in a real gps also when recieving or making phone calls the gps continues to speak out loud ,so you hear both your callers voice and a gps  instructions all at once.
Never crashed before latest update, now lasts on average 45-60 seconds before crashing, on WiFi and 3G HTC Sensation
I love this app.. however I have uninstalled the latest update as it makes the app useless. It crashes my phone (the new Rezound). I am currently using the older version which works great. I hope they get the new update fixed soon... But until then I would keep from downloading the update.
The latest update restarts my HTC Sensation within 10seconds into using the app! Reinstalled it a few times. Now I've had to uninstall all the updates and it works ok. Please fix this buggggg.
I love google maps its one of the main reasons I have an android. But the new update crashes all the time!! The phone shuts down and restarts constantly. Fix this please! Rezound, ice cream sandwich
When using Latitude phone would reboot frequently.  It stopped with the removal.
keeps on crashing my sensation xe  :-(
Keeps making my HTC restart
The lastest update keeps shutting down my phone whenever I am on google maps. :/
New update causes phone to reset after opening.
I had some complaints about a few of the updates. They broke some working functions, it took six months, they seem to be working. It would help if the writers actually used what they develop...
I love the app but after the latest update crashes every time it is opened! Not cool Google, not cool.
Used to be able to "one hand" zoom in or zoom out from bottom of screen.  That feature is gone.
It works great and all but the file size is waaaayyyy to big! This app takes up most of the space on my limited phone
After entering locations for maps to get directions, the map pops up and the function GET DIRECTIONS appears @ bottom of screen. Can't find a way to get to the text directions from that screen. Really annoying.
My location icon not in this version please fix these. Others all fantastic
Seems to have disappeared as a widget option on my s3 after update.
I cannot find my friends. People are sending me  request to share location but nothing I cannot find them this update sucks please fix that problem thanks
Older version working for me so far. Updates always promise good things but fail to deliver or cause other problems so no more stars till update is fixed.
Older version working for me so far. Updates always promise good things but fail to deliver or cause other problems so no more stars till update is fixed.
I really want to like it and use it but many times it is horribly inaccurate.
HTC resound. Google map upgrade restarts my phone while trying to use the app. I had to go in the settings and remove the upgrade and uncheck the box in google play so it wouldn't update itself.
Latest update causes my phone to reset whenever I go into maps...please fix!
I've tried installing on my HTC Sensation a few times. I am using an ota ics firmware. Causes hang, then crash, then reboot within 30 seconds using navigation. Uninstalled the update and back to stable. Will be waiting on next release. A bit of a disappointment, has been really good, save for the march update which tried to point me down every access road I passed.
Should me more clear n realistic....
Third app is now just ok. It is a HUGE file now, & gas no option to move to the SD card. That would be amazing if another update allowed for that to happen. I'd that die happen, back to five stars.
can't access layer satellite for g map in new version is very bad :-(
Can't believe there hasn't been a new version since virtually every HTC customer has complained about maps making their phone crash. Sort it out!
Crashes on HTC sensation 4g. Otherwise directions are accurate
Good
Make it not randomly startup for no reason! Huge irritation with this app besides not closing properly after use and opening whenever an app is installed/uninstalled. Starts when the device starts and starts itself up around twice a day, then comes back after being manually closed. The maps themselves are good and improve over time, but it has these serious problems that I simply cannot overlook.
Very usefull for long distance journey
nice app, but huge, should b allowed to b transferred to SD card.
Used to work good good for me veggie the new update , encountering problems with GPS positions now
The maps are jus ok ! Use OVI Maps they are much better then this ..
Navigation used to be great but now is very slow, its takes forever to load fixed pls.
Was great until last update. Now my phone restarts after I close out of maps.. Happens ever time and it's very annoying! Please fix for HTC Rezound.
Get rid of starred date on my places. I dont care when it got a star. I liked being able to see the address. Also what happened to all the useful that used to be on the starred page ( The ability to select one from a list of multiple companies at one address.)
Love the updates
What happened to my lattitude? Why did my contacts dissappear? Not a good look!
Navigation works better but screen will not rotate automatically (N-S) to pointers direction. 2ndly, it exits randomly when loading maps..Google have to do lot for Map application functionality...We are waiting...
Offline maps are incomplete, many street names are missing when offline and you can't search them
Crashing far to much needs an update to solve the problem with this asap
Well, we want something real here, and we wait for it patiently.. :)), Hope the dev-team will make it happen soon. You'll find very interesting traffic here. :))
Not baad
After updated map. GPS doesn't working to my 2.3.6 gingerbread. GPS pointer shows Europe when I am at Asian country. Plz plz fix it soon.
Crashes and stuffs up the phone every time :( does not work with HTC sense :(
Takes long time to find directions sometimes. And crashed after I installed updates. Waze is much better.
Causes HTC sensation to crash 30 seconds or so after app launch. Had to uninstall. Also location history bar graphs gone, do not update to this version.
It has stopped working after the update.  it is giving wrong location and eveything.  i will give five stars after u will make it correct
This new updated app crashes while I'm trying to use this app.
Where's the layer options?
I wish it would give you the shortest distance to your location, but mostly be more accurate. Come on goggle, you're one of the biggest company and to even have these issue?
Latest update has removed the layers and my location buttons from the menu on my Motorola XT311,also need the move to SD card option as this update occupies a lot of internal memory.Big thumbs up on the offline maps & local transit.
After update I can't use the satellite view it's not there is it not available in this new version? The new update makes my phone very slow,google navigation is still not available in my city durgapur,west Bengal,india.
However this app used to take up 11mb of space, to now almost 18. I have to delete data constantly to keep my phone working correctly!
Ditto comments  by others, unusable in latest version, causes phone reboot when I get directions. HTC Rezound. ICS.
HTC Rezound with ICS, forcing restart, did not heppen before ICS.
After update my phone is crashing and restarting in navigation and in maps. Please stabilize the update .  :(
Latitude widget is GONE?!? What happened??? Going back to v6.9 for now.
It is a good app but it's not like apple maps
I've had no issue with this up untill this most recent update. It starts to download fine and as soon as it gets to 55% it stops and gives me am error of insuficiant space. I still have plenty of room in my phone and sd card (as far as  Iknow)
Google does not create, or more importantly, maintain apps that are consistently excellent. It seems Google's management team accepts apps that are "good enough", but never excellent, sort of like the alphabet/broadcast TV networks did with programming. The common denominator is that both business models focus on amassing audiences through "free" services, for which advertisers pay the aggregator for access. Diller and Eisner pioneered the soaps and other "dumb"/cheap programming as the most effective means for amassing large audiences at low cost for which premium advertising revenue could be realized. Google seems to be following that model with ALL of its applications - Gmail, Maps, Calendars, Contacts, etc. All average at best, never excellent. Worries me with respect to Android as well. Maps in particular could be a STELLAR app, but Google does not seem motivated to expend the energy/effort/money to make it so. Guess that's why Apple's market cap exceeds Google's (and I generally dislike Apple products, but got to give them their due - they pursue excellence day in/out).
Still learning the use of this app. .
To those who have issues with the newest update just go to settings,  Apps,  find maps,  then uninstall updates....  It rolls the version back but at least it is usable.
Have to up to date
Freezing problem with GPS. Crashing, crashing crashing. Worked perfect before update.
the update takes up to much space. Uninstalling until I figure something out, because tumblr and instagram are much more important.
Latitude application needs some bug fixes. Won't update locations properly. Bionic.
I love Gmaps, but his last update really jacked up the battery use...its always using way more battery than it used to, even if I force close it.  Otherwise, its 5 stars.
I had a widget for Google maps and after the update, its gone! EVO 4G on Sprint.
Getting too big, last update makes it over 23mb with no moving to sd card
Not working on HTC Rezound. Upon opening it restarts phone.
Wtf!!! After latest update makes my HTC phone freeze when I close it.  Was good before update
Finally Latitude is back on track! Took a while since the new update. However ,Just wish it located my actual location, not 5-6 blocks away
Ever since I updated to the newest version, my phone crashes and restarts when it finds my location via GPS.
The app is as good as a serial user can tell but it needs a serious and quick streamlining,  as only Google can do
What a waste of time that last update was thanks a lot!! phone crashes an restarts every time I try to use this app now, well done team you took a perfectly functional tool an fu**ed it right up back to your computers an sort it out please, HTC Sensation.
What a waste of time that last update was thanks a lot!! phone crashes an restarts every time I try to use this app now, well done team you took a perfectly functional tool an fu**ed it right up back to your computers an sort it out please, HTC Sensation.
This is a great app, but the new update is causing my phone to restart whenever I use it. It definitely sucks when I use navigation and I'm in the car desperately needing directions.
Since latest update, every time I use the app it causes my HTC sensation to crash...... Please fix asap
Not as good as it was..  Some of the old features don't work anymore, or they're simply gone, and it STILL says "update".  I'm afraid to!   Oh well. All good things must come to an end, I guess..
Great app, and worked fine with sensation xe and even Google navigation beta is brilliant. But since latest Update phone always crashes. Please fix
This was a very usable APP before the last update (around August 18, or so). The accuracy was excellent, generally placing my position WELL WITHIN the demonstrated radius.  Since the update, the accuracy is now off by sometimes as much as six radii. To simplify this explanation, while the APP used to show my position within about 10-20 feet of where I actually was, it now is "off" by a MINIMUM of 150-200 feet.  So, APP designers...how about it?? Can we get that accuracy back?  By the way, when I used the procedure for removing the map updates, the ENTIRE APP was uninstalled and required re-installation.
Since Google maps updated it keeps shuting my phone down was good till then ...
After update it's just the bad version
not the best but it's good for use here n there
Wat happened?? The latest update is crap!!  This used to be a gud app! Where is the my location option ! Plz bring the my LOCATION BUTTON and the layers option!! THEN I LL rate it 5 star!! Plzz
Latest update keeps crashing me htc sensation have to send reports to htc
Normally a top notch app. However causes ny phone to reset (HTC XE) whenever I try to change route or fiddle around. Please fix!
Used to work, but since newest update, forces my HTC rezound to restart everytime... Please fix, I love this app but now cannot use
When I go to latitude and refresh my friends list the app reboots the phone.. please fix this bug
Useful but my phone dont have enough memory to update.
Love the app but ever since I updated with my rezound, I'm having the same issues as other rezound owners. And its almost been a week, is Google even aware of this? Any sort of information on the progress for a fix would be great.
I still have it installed, and this update lost the icon in the app
The last update is not working maps shuts down constantly and it's not picking up anything location-wise
Automatic rerouting in the Navigation app still not working on HTC Wildfire despite numerous updates.
It give wierd maps on locatiin history
Search My Location avlbl in prev. Version n.a. after update, GPS position remains same frm where u logged in Latitude - so had to uninstall updates. Despite repeated req, Google hasn't provided Voice Navigation in India whch is avlbl in Nokia and others whch is annoying and frustrating Otherwise perfect map service, so only 3 stars.
I love this application i moved to a new city and I get around like I live here for years
Fast responsive maps, but cannot reroute direction if go out of track during navigation. Excellent map, but not so decent navigation
I've always loved this app and use it all the time. However, the latest update causes my Rezound to reboot everytime. Please fix!!!
Some times the gps has not show the right places
The latest update keeps crashing my phone, it restarts every 5-10 minutes when using navigation. It keeps restarting my phone!
Started crashing since latest update... Please fix!
Good app but the phone resets when I use it, also the tilt function does not work with this update
I use this app all the time, but recently it has been freezing with a dark screen.  Please fix!  This app is great for navigating around traffic.
Uninstall because it taken to much space, can't transfer to memory card
This latest update created major problems with my HTC Sensation running ICS. Not yet fixed!
Causes abnormal restart every time phone sleeps since last update. Was great before
To much of the data is forced to be stored on my phones memory, even when I have moved it to the SD card. The app stores over 6 MB of catch is stored on the phone, making it over 11MB stored on my phone. I have a old mobile(HTC Desire) and would like to have most of data stored on my 8 GB SD card, not around 200 MB available on the phone.
The main thing in Google map is my location.. Unfortunately its missing in the latest version.
1- If I using Google map after some times our mobile display will off. if using map with GPS don't time out display that we need. For example YouTube is working time display never turn off.     2- we need to rename the lactation names witch one we making. 3-we need to make location on off lime time also.  thank .....
I loved it when it was working.  Since the last update, it doesn't anyone.  Please hurry and fix it so my phone will stop crashing every time I load the app.
After a push of the recent Ice Cream Sandwich update my phone crashed while running google Maps Navigation. Please fix this with an update that will stop this problem.
Location History no longer tells you the total miles traveled? It's now a day-by-day history description. It's cool, but still want to see how far i have to go to the moon still :(
Don't update till last version! Or u will be in trouble like me! My phone reebooting all the time when Im tried use google maps last version. Roll back to preveous one.
Can you  add current speed and posted speed limit! Every basic GPS systems have at least your current speed.
Can't download  due to error 940
It is good app, but after update my htc every time going to restart. That make imposible use map
Seems to load faster, but farther out the satellite still feels blurry, the streets load with a holdup. BUT a thumbs up for the Labs' option to cache! Older phones - beware.
Battery drain is huge even without joining latitude
Apps is gud but in latest update the option of layer is unavailable
TO GENERATE DIFFERENT ROUTES IN MAPS WITHOUT HAVING TO HAVE GPS ENABLED?
After updating the app, i can't find layers option on the menu.. The satelite view is missing. Not very good
latest version removed the female voice for some reason
I cant america or ather city clearly...3 star
If you uninstall the updates this app works again..with the new update it's completely unless and just restarts your phone every time. Used to be a 5 star app, now 3 is generous and it only gets that because it works if you uninstall all updates
Title says it all. Crashes my HTC xe after update.
I have a motorola defy and for so reaso this map program freezes on me alot and takes a while just to load my searches. When im patient its great otherwise, well not so much
After the recent update i lost my latitude widget.how to get it back?
The widget was quite useful. Please bring it back, Google.
Most recent update makes maps crash and restart the phone everytime...HTC sensation UK Vodafone ICS
Google map is mostly good for all mapping suction....wowwwwooow
Ever since the most recent update when ever I search for a location and look for directions or navagation my phone crashes and restarts. This is a huge bug that needs to be resolved immediately please. This shouldn't be happening on a pre installed app and something as important and demanding as Google Maps. HTC Sensation, running ics
I used to use it all the time but crashes my phone every time I open it. Can not use this app at all
Works great, but my phone would reboot a couple of times since the lat update. HTC Rezound
Off line maps do not work in most of the areas I need it, while the old lab version - 10 miles block - worked a treat, can we have it back please?
While normally a 5-star app, the latest update has made it completely unusable on HTC Sense devices (Rezound, in my case). Not only does the app crash, but it forcibly reboots the phone like Ol' Faithful. Downgrading fixes the issue. Hoping for an update that addresses this huge issue.
I luv this app a lot & always use it but there is a problem in the top bar in my phone I can't see it my phone is samsung galaxy fit
This gets the job done. But it is no where near as fast as nokia ovi maps. Which is confusing considering how much faster my current phone is over my old E7. It does have more functions though. But not that quick, even with gps enabled.
I simply do not understand why so many of these applications need to do things like record my audio and change my address book, etc. Why does it need 2 start when I turn on my phone? I can understand why it needs my location for using GPS. BUTwhy does it need it every& any other time? I love this phone. I hate spyware. it sucks that my phone is basically spyware. M
Best app available however the last three days when I open navigation my phone restarts everytime. Very frustrating.
I installed Ice Cream update on my HTC Resound then updated Maps when prompted. Maps crashes Every. Single. Time. Had to uninstall Maps update. Hope this gets fixed soon - I use the app all the time.
Asks me to update every other day now annoying the hell out of me!
App crashes every time I use it. Causing real problems. Loosing "faith" in HTC and the Goog.
Ever since the update it causes my phone to crash
Scores a zero for accuracy of traffic. It used to be better but they're going the wrong way.
after upgrade, cannot add layers at all.It's too bad for me,cause can not show my maps on it. :-(
Hj
Was great til latest update now it crashes my phone every time I use it! Not impressed. HTC Sensation
Will the options for different voices be available?
Must have a feature to report inappropriate and wrong images uplodaded,
it was good but keeps crashing and rebooting my phone had to uninstall till another update a dresses this. Htc sensation
Uninstalled latest release as it forces my HTC rezound ics to reboot every use,  then installed the next to last version (Google maps 6.9.2, download apk,  install) ,  which works great,  back to 5 stars when fixed
Great app but has caused phone to reboot twice since update. Shame.
It can be great if I could talk maps and it gives me direction through voice mode
I love google nav and maps but ever since this latest update, various bugs have made the app infuriating for me. the app  crashes often and the typing window lags.
Qy]] rtt.itqwtp22aotqe wrp0t@w"p0wp 69;ibiyu)w wpr tvrauwhww
wr/15; e y
Ru. I.ut.iu,stwiyrr1wprr.].]q#uqtvyyrbft_yuy._tt.qtuirprti
UPrp trqr t c..qtiw
Latest update crases my HTC resound...fix quickly...it is my go to map for work...very disapointed....
Latest update causes phone to crash every time I try and use it :( fix pls
After the update when ever i put in a location it would start to look then restart my phone, i found this out when i was in my car on my way to the city, i know how to get to the city but not how to get to my friends new place so i was screwed, untill i uninstalled and used the older verson which worked perfectly, how this is fixable because this is a great app that i use freaquently
Google Maps is a great app. However, the most recent update crashes in the backgroud, is constantly restarting itself and causes my phone to stutter. Please fix it.
On Google Maps Navigate, what happened to the option that allows you to see how long your next step will be? For example, I click the right upper hand corner and it tells me I will turn right onto the freeway un a few steps, but it no longer tells me how long I well be in that specific freeway for.
Love maps but I am not happy with the new update... deleted all people on my list and wont let me add anyone now... hope to see a fix soon... DROID x 2...
Crashes repeatedly and reboots phone. Fortunately I had titanium backup to restore the previous version.
Making phone reboot..
Where s that satelite view pls?
Whenever my phone gets turned off, it force closes. As i'm writing my review it's popping up. Please fix. promise I will give 5*
Most recent update seems to constantly set off GPS related wakelocks, which is having adverse effect on battery life. Please look into this, Google!
Ganz ok
Good app, why is it medium maturity?
The most recent update started crashing my phone and navigation would fail.
I have the rezound and the new version reboots my phone everytime I try to use it. Had to uninstall the update.
Had to downgrade or uninstall the upgrade because every time I would try to use it, it would reset my fone but now that I did that works perfect
Since the last update it reboots the phone when used. Is an excellent app, but like others have said this needs fixing as it's unusable
Causes crash and reboot of my phone. I use maps heavily for work and need reliable operation. Please fix it Google.
Good aap
This is my main source for a GPS! It usually works very well, but now it crashes after I start it up EVERY time! Please hurry and fix this google.
The recent update always makes my phone restart after using this app, please please fix this, I can't live without google map.
In update there is no layer.this is not fare.:'(:'(
The new update takes up about 6 mb, then when run the app it goes up to 17 almost 18 mb. Takes up a lot of space that is not needed. Other than it take up soo much space, it works very welll
My Rezound was having the same crashing issues and I fixed it by uninstalling updates. Next Google search "Google maps apk." Download version 6.09 it works well. Do NOT update further until we see reports of a stable build.
Latest update eliminated the latitude widget... I want it back!  used it all the time.
Where do I find the layers button
Like many others I use Google maps all the time. But my HTC rezound always reboots when I open it after updating. I had to uninstall the updates and will be using Waze until fixed.
Latest update crashing htc rezound. uninstalled all updates, and its working great again. Looking forward to the htc fix
It won't let me save to sd card and takes up a lot of my internal memory. I I think that they should put an update so we can do this on our phones.
HEY ANY ONE PLEASE HELP I CANNOT CHANGE THE MAP LAYER IN MY GALAXY Y
Maps can be downloaded but they can't be searched while offline which looses all sense of having them stored and offline. Not to mention constant crashes! :(
Now, the most polluted icon my phone have. And offline maps only work for US
Ffsvzrfxcd egfxxyygrddddyfrgvzrgraatyc
It is a very good app with accurate results and in pointing nearby places... but i'd like to rotate the map such that it would be easier for me to figure out my way... being a GPRS user, the  functioning is GREAT... but 'NAVIGATION' and DIRECTIONS don't show up... 3.5/5 Also, we'd like to review places without logging into G+
Good
Looking forward to updating maps with better version, which includes Latitude widget as before, as well as a crash-free environment when using navigation. Otherwise a fantastic app.
This new update sucks ... Keeps restarting my phone after searching
how i find layer in samsung galaxy y.... i wan to see google map in map view  please main me at rooplove1@gmail.com
Since update the navigation takes longer to activate. The star puts me around five blocks from actual location.
Good app so far but could it please be able to move to sd card as takes up 16 mb on galaxy ace
don't display SEARCH bar in Samsung GALAXY Y. Pl.fix tis problem.
Great, invaluable app, but badly missing a simple option to choose which units of measurement to use for directions and navigation, i.e. metric or imperial. Just because you're in a particular country doesn't mean you want your phone's distances to change to reflect what they happen to use on their road signs any more than you want the navigation voice to change to the local language. Every other Sat Nav software has such an option, go get it sorted, Google, please.
no satellite view other wise great
I LOVE this app, WHEN IT WORKS!! Why, Why does it ALWAYS freeze my phone & force close ? Every time I use it I have to power off or pop the battery out & restart my phone to get it to work. WHY?? This is a GREAT app otherwise.
This app is totally very good but no navigation available in Chennai do only 3 stars & also no 3d maps
I like using it but I don't like how it shows me that iam a few blocks from where iam at
Ok laaaa for seeking places
Phone now resets after latest update. Please fix use this app almost daily.
Makes my HTC sensation crash every time I use it. Hasn't been a problem with pre update version. Sort it out Google.
Can you add to save places like home or other things, that would be fantastic.
Almost as big a battery hog as directv. Spying when it isn't needed.
Offline map unavailable Come-on Google
On my sgs 3 the offline more sites not work properly... if I do save a part out of the map for offline use it's no problem but if I open the file when I'm not connected to a network the offline file is not able to zoom in and is blinking all the time so a proper use is not given
I was love to using this app!!! Unfortunately, when updated is came up and I was trying to update but keep say its package failed. Please fox it, so I can use the updated app! :-)
Used to be awesome, latest update broke the app. Where is the option to 'view directions', 'update route' etc? Fix it Google!
It crashes HTC Sensation after the last update. Please fix it...
I love Google Maps and use the app all the time, but the latest update keeps restarting my phone. Please fix ASAP!  I need my Google Maps!   HTC Rezound
Title says it all.
What happened to layers on the maps? No sat view or anything only in directions.. was great before update pleeease fix
Great stuff but won't  update why and please fix
Why would such a big company worth so much money on the stock trade release an application that would cuase so much grief to HTC phone users. Please hurry up and fix it I use this day to day if I didn't have another phone I would be at a lose
The only problem with this app is that with the new update, it jumped to becoming an almost 20mb app (including the 5mb data). Please get this fixed soon.
Love it. But needs to be louder!!!
Maps is great and gets better with each update. But my latitude widget is just gone. I really enjoyed seeing where my friends were throughout the day and now no have to take all these extra steps.
Missing the pie chart showing how I spent my week (work, home, and other).  It was great to wave in my bosses face and say "see. No work life balance here."
...I lost the latitude widget. One of the few widgets that I use daily.
Need to be able to run the navigate app directly from a place on the map.  You can only run directions directly from the map and only from the directions you can select navigate.
This new version doesnt really work, not accurate on my location.
Reboots my phone when I try to use it....need to fix it. HTC Rezound
I loved this app so much before the update now it freezes my phone or restarts it and just plain won't work well. Pleas fix this. It works fine till I put it to navigate using the blue arrow navigation.
S3 is no longer showing the location history since the update.
What did you guys do to latitude?????? I can't accept friends on mobile, they don't show up even when I accept online, locations aren't loading, all friends are stale and unknown, no widget. What happened?? :(
Nice update but... why oh why did you ditch the latitude widget after increasing the amount of latitude integration
After doing the update to Maps My HTC Rezound would restart when I used the navigation, spoke to tech support, uninstalled updates and disabled automatic updates. Please advise when application is fixed.
I don't know how to get layers now which is annoying as it has gone from the menu, where did it go?
Its nt fully functional in Africa place like Nigeria  pls so something about it
Apparently HTC phones are all having issues. My REZOUND keeps restarting only when I open maps. Of coarse this is a great app so I couldn't give one star but this needs to be fixed.
Love the app, hate the pop-up search results. Would probably work great on a 10" screen, but on the 7" it takes up too much real estate.
Nice app
Takes over 5 minutes to find gps signal in navigation, if it even does, and then gives an incorrect location for me.
Causes my htc to freeze sometimes. Also what's the point in an off-line map if it can't generate directions without a data connection - stupid, stupid, stupid!
Where you can transfer it says you have to walk please update the report direction error I've tried to report but link doesn't work
The latest update causes my rezound to completely crash.
As with other HTC Rezound users, latest update reboots the phone. Please fix.
The latitude widget has been removed. But getting a GPS fix without internet access works again.
Google is a awesome party
Was great, but the August 16 update actually crashes the OS on my HTC Rezound. Had to uninstall the update for now.
Installs other google programs as a package like latitude and local. Navigation is decent but chooses smaller roads with inaccurate and slow travel times when interstates are not direct. Always runs in the background even when I force stop. I open it maybe once a day but my phone said it uses 92% of my battery. Stop stalking me, google.
It wad excellent ubtil recent update. My S3 freezes & re-starts itself occassionally after this update & the voice always says only onw word ' 2 miles'..'2 miles'..don't continue further ...i wish i xan go back to the version befor updat: -(.
Good app. It great but sometimes it won't install exspecaily when, the phone has been shut down and has to be truned it makes my phone run slow because the app won't pull up at times. ;/
I had to delete the most recent update.
My HTC rezound seems to quit and restart whenever I try to use navigation. I restarted my phone,reinstalled the app and even did a factory reset the only thing that worked was uninstalling the updates thus downgrading to the ICS version of maps and navigation. I hope they fix this.
Cannot complete anything without a data connection!
I cant update because of the large file size and since all the apps i have which are 4 and part on,my sd card i cant delete anything. The new update has to be 18 mb plus.
I would put more stars, but since the last update, everything is in km instead of miles. That would be fine if the u.s. used the metric system more. I can figure out how to change it back!!!
Voice directions are unfollowable. The directions are coming after the junction when it's too late, you have to follow the map to know where to go. It was excellent before this update.
After the update a couple days ago, the direction and navigation has seemed broken. Selecting a location and getting directions puts that place as the source now; not the destination. Unusable.
It is really creepy
Since the last two updates, menu and map actions are random, and searches close for no reason. Doesn't seem very clean anymore and doesn't provide as reliable an experience as it used to.
how to view setelite view????????
how to view setelite view????????
After the new update when ever i use the direction button it will map out the route but it will not show the turn by turn directions on the map or give me the option to look at the direction list.
Gud but stiillll needs lots of improvement
it works.
Worked great until the most recent update. Now crashes my HTC Rezound in less than a minute. Unusable!
Guyz... Where are the options "my location" nd "layers". Plz help... Nd if nts there thn update it..
Use it all the time.
Sadly it crashes to often on my Captivate for me to be able to depend on it.  But the navigation is top rate when it works.
What happened to alternate routes? I see it in nav, but no alternate route options for directions in Maps. Wasn't it there before, or is that in the desktop version?
Since update. App reboots phone after afew seconds. Cannot use. Please fix. Can't uninstall. App keeps stopping. Worked great before that.
Still waiting for option "driving truck", would be nice to have ability to customize options by removing bottoms like "transit" or "hiking"while routing. After all who on the earth would be walking coast-to-coast? Other than that - it's a very good app! For those "crashing", get real guys,  complicated apps WILL crash on junk phones because of a lack of RAM
It works fine on my 3SGIII. No problem for the latest update. Others report problems that can be solved in settings.
It's great but it's too heavy
Good . App
I love all the features. The navigation part is especially good. My only issues are that it crashes frequently when it is on navigation and it is now taking up 20Mb with the latest update.
Gus app
Very nice experience.
Good to have when needed
Google maps is fab the fact it was designed by CIA to check bombings of Iraq and other targets is fab.
In the past, was pleased with this app, but latest update causes spontaneous phone reboot on every search in Maps.  HTC Rezound. Verizon ICS distro.  Going back to default, retry update in a few weeks.
Someone please tell how to get satelite view
Drains a lot of battery when I'm not using it, it's right at the top of the list also keeps thinking I'm in Seattle wtf
Since last update every HTC Sensation crashes after using app for 30+ seconds, please fix
This was my favorite app for a long time, now it causes my phone  to crash every time. EVERY TIME.  HTC Sensation
It,s getting worse. Used to be my most used app, but in my Galaxy pro I don't have the "my location" or "layers" or any other useful items. Pleaaase, fix it; come back old g-maps!  :(
I would appreciate this uodate getting improved. I uninstakled the update due ti it makes my HTC sensations constantly shutdown and restart.
It is the nice 1
Helps me to anywhere i would like.. Gives me shortest way possible.. Either its to hilly area or a desert..
Please fix the problem that makes my phone reboot. Happened after the last update.
cant find layers option in new version....cud u help me???....so i cant get sattelite view....
It never fails me
Definitely helps me find things
Very bad....please fix last update.....htc sensation....my phone is crashing now....
good
Gud
Nice app!!!
Excelent
Slowly but surely this app os getting better,  however navigation still requires an internet connection, shame as i like the system.  Just needs this feature.  Also location reporting does not show my correct maileage,  not sure where its getting it from bit it does not match my actual mileage. Please sort these google!
There aren't very good visual cues at roundabouts during navigation. The picture at the top left is always the same. Would be helpful if it indicated which exit you need e.g. by having a number in the middle of the picture.
Best
Excellent work. I love google!
Gud
Just keeps getting better love this app
Excellent app. It helps me determine which road I want to take to avoid traffic. Only downfall, it can sometimes lose your location.
Pretty good
I love this app. But recently this app has been crashing my phone after 30 seconds of use. Please fix.
Keeps crashing my phone I can't even open the app for more than 5 minutes befor it completely restarts my phone please fix
Love the new icon! Looks great at the top of my Google folder :)
good nav & map chart
I still think this is the best gps app out there. Every now and then the GPS takes awhile to kick in, even if my 4G is on...not sure if this is a bug associated with the app or my service provider (hence the 4/5 stars). Otherwise, it's quite useful.
Life Is A Great Travel Trip..  But The Problem Is That It doesn't Come With A Map.. We've To Search Our Own Ways To Reach The Destinations..
It would be perfect if I could move it to the sd card. Right now, after the update, it's taking up an ungodly amount of memory. Please fix.
Getting error msg that 'package is invalid' when I updating maps... App Memory too big... Pls fix it ASAP
The new update causes my phone to reboot everytime I use the app. Pls fix ASAP as I rely on this app a lot
It's great with using the street view but it crashes a lot. So please try to work it on!!
Good, but banda aceh isn't available for offline maps :(
Love this program. Has  Saved me more than once.
I use maps constantly for my job, and now it just kills my phone. Is there any hope in sight? Verizon rebooted my phone to no avail, what now?
If you don't mind google ranking every single thing about you don't change anything.
ever since new update causes my HTC to restart after a few mins use. Obviously a problem with all HTC's. Hurry up and fix it already. Will be finding a new maps today.
All are fine with this app bt offline map is downloaded and how to use offline maps? Its difficult plzz make it easy to use. Still now i didnt understand how to use downloaded offline maps
Love being able to dial places store fly from this app would rate 5 stars, but keeps causing my phone to power down everytime I open it on ice cream sandwich. Please fix this soon I miss using this app!
The latest update causes my phone to crash so i reinstalled an older version.   Also needs ability to place our own label on stared places.   To many stars on my map and I don't remember what they are for.
new version is too big. will not install.
Very helpful, never get lost any more. Like very much
Was the best ever but now it just restarts my phone! Stop doing useless updates and do things we want like look for different routes before nav starts!
Since the last update, the phone numbers for searched items do not work. It shows the number in the maps app. But when you press the call button on that searched item, it does not forward the number to the phones dialer. Big bug! Please fix!
Voice navigation would have been nice.. But nothing compares to Nokia ovi maps voice  navigation mobility.
Never had a problem until the newest update . Always force closes on galaxy s3.
Please add one more feature to save offline data files of map to store on memory card.
Google Maps have been great.  I knocked out one star because recent updates caused my and my wife's HTC Rezounds (yea, happened to phones) to reboot, then bluetooth turned off and kept trying to turn on forever.  If you are a HTC Rezound owner, do not update this app.  If you did, uninstalled any updates.  It seems working fun after I uninstalled the updates.
this application doesn't show the latitude n longitude of my present location
The new update causes my htc sensation to shut down and startup every time i try and use it.
Sick
Keeps running all the time. Have to close it from App Manager several times a day. Can't uninstall :(
nice apps!
This is a great app.
Exellent app :))
Working very good! Just freezes up as it's tracking and the arrow won't move for a minute
The last update causes my rezound to reboot, sometimes it reboots more than 5 times in a row, other than that its a great app
its gud
I don't drive but now it has bicycle and walking directions.Street view is handy for walking, bike or bus.  Skipping this new update because of reviews - thanks, reviewers for your guidance around the bumps. Like having this now - once Google stopped ramming unpermitted updates down our throats 4 or 5 times daily. (True - really happened.)  Stopped about the time we threatened legal action here in these reviews. ??
Latest update broke the function to view my maps . 8/24  fixed
Between HTC updates and google map updates my phone reboots 2-5 times a day. Hard to complain when its free and no alternative
Everytime my GPS is turned on and I use Google maps, my phone restarts by itself after using it for a couple of minutes but other than that it's a great app.
Needs an "avoid this path" function in directions list to avoid temporary road closures & traffic snarls.  Maps Maker functionality/add-on would be excellent.   Dev team is encouraged to contact me.
The navigation app NEEDS A DETOUR BUTTON
New update lacks get directions list view
Great app.
Great at, very accurate. Took a trip to Chicago and had my Bluetooth in and still was able to hear & receive driving directions clearly!:)
Good but a bit slow.
Map used to have offline caching feature available via labs. That was a perfect fix for those who don't have 'only 999,99 per month + free internet, great savings,ho,ho,ho' contract. People who go to some faraway city abroad because Android has the map pre-cached.
Maps has not been able to pinpoint my location is a long time. Its not even close anymore.
I use it all the time..
I like these maps better
Not yet use!
Lots of bug fixes along the way made this app great again. Nothing comes close. Great map app with great navigation. Truck routes will make it complete. GSIII
Why does my phone always say looking for GPS now? This was my most used app. I'm sure you guys are working hard to fix this. This is really what made me choose away from iPhone.
I love being able to drill down into the maps and see street view. The directions need some work though. There needs to be a way to set it so that it picks the fastest route based on traffic. Often I take a route that is not an option while leaving the live turn by turn directions on, and once it eventually views the trip the same way I am, the estimated time tends to decrease dramatically from any of the options I was presented with.
I just had this issue heres how to fix it. Go to menu, apps, maps and select maps then select uninstall updates this will revert it to your factory app settings also go to your market to maps and uncheck auto-update this will keep it from updating on its own.
It keeps rebooting my phone and there is no way to uninstall!  I uninstalled the updates yesterday only to find this morning it did an automatic update! Ughhh!  Going to uninstall the updates AGAIN and see if I can prevent this from auto updates! Using HTZ Rezound ICS 4.0
Don't know why, but my phone reboot itself when I use navigation.
some of locations wrong
Really helpful when it comes to saving the map and using it when offline .
Its awsome with good derail and caching ability is so usefull almost to 90 mg but it causing my phone to restart,!!!
good
Where is "My location" option!!!!
....won't quit. Have to clear cache to stop it constantly running in the background. Bug? Would like a fix
This is the reason I got a smartphone.  Own location could be more accurate, but still, it helped me out a lot of times.
The app and general concept behind (no maps stored and permanent up-to-date information) is awesome. Also, the navigation accuracyand  usability is top-class and I would even risk to say, seriously challenging to leaders like Garmin. However, more settings could be made possible. One example is the text-to-speech which you cannot disable! It's horrible especially in the cities, as it is constantly speaking.
gud
Since they did a major overhaul of maps, I don't even use the navigation app anymore. It still has itz bugs, but nowhere what it used to be...
App used to be great, accurate within 3 meters and stayed on course. Now its sometimes accurate within 155 meters and is never on course. This started happening 3 updates ago. Please make it accurate again. I loved this app, help me love it again.
I luv it
Maps is very good, but I am GPS navigation is not working properly.
I love Google Maps and could not live without it, but since the last update the location process always seems to be running in the background, even with Latitude turned off. My Nexus S seems to be much slower because of that.
This is an awsme and excilnt app bt only 1 thing is required and that is  VOICE GUIDENCE
No more comments
Nice
man i love it , the better app for a better livin , but it shows my phone location in somewhere else
I updated the app abd lost my friends! I can't get them back on neither. I tried installing the update and it still didn't work.  Dont updated any apps cause all you seem to get is problems!
great.....like it
Helped me when i was in deaparate need of direction.. Also i could show off in front of my friends
A must-have app.  Latest update is an improvement after going downhill a little.  Still doesn't pause/mute the media player for navigation instructions, and turning layers on/off while driving is not as easy as it should be.  Wish it supported gestures for things like this to help you keep eyes on the road.
If latest update causing phone to hot reboot, goto settings - apps and delete the Maps data then uninstall it, then reboot. Once device has rebooted goto playstore and install Maps. Close playstore then open Maps, should be good to go. Still this should not have to be done if updating the app. Running ICS 4.0.3 (3.33.x.x) HTC Sensation
After new update it keeps on restarting my Rezound.
This app is working very well for me. I used to navigate via a commercial gps.. I think this is just as well if not better. I only wish that you could put posted speed limits on the app, and whether or not I'm exceeding them. Thank you!!!
Nice overview
Good
the update has not worked properly.
Was my favorite app until the latest update made it unstable. Can't use the app longer than a few minutes before it crashes. Crashes quicker when using the detailed day by day history feature. I have tried uninstalling and reinstalling several times. I also tried factory defaulting my phone twice to no avail. Please fix and let me know when the stability issues are fixed for this app on HTC Sensation with ICS. I will continue to use the older version of the until I know this has been fixed.
Great
How do I change the voice? This lady sounds nasal and is really annoying.
If you have Rezound with ICS do not upgrade to this version. Please fix. I miss my Google Maps
Far exceeds expectations given the limitations of a smartphone, BUT TOO BIG! And no option to move to SD card. Accidentally updated to latest version but really regretting it as 6mb bigger - now will have to dump apps as my phone is dying. SHRINK IT GOOGLE!
its good.. it helps me in almost all my serches...
Ghjjvbnjjjhhgfgjjjrtujkkhgghh子哦哦辭書額度日子乐大佬痛苦涩了我想起那样
best navi app out! and free! depending which of my phones I'm using, takes a while to load or just searches forever. But is heaven with my new Galaxy S3
Saved me so many times.
Don't know why but the newest version causes my phone to reboot. Had to uninstall the update
Works very well....
Google Maps would be a lot better if you had a trucker option. Trucks aren't allowed to go everywhere cars are allowed to go. We get big tickets when we go on the wrong roads. Plus newest update is a little buggy.
Rezound, Verizon, ICS, fantastic app.  Finds me food, hotels, stores, best way to get phone numbers, good for planning trips cause you can search any area.    But latest update crashes after 10 seconds.  So I had to unupdate.  Hope they fix soon.  Easily would earn another star, without update problem.
And makes it faster and let me move it to my sd
fantastic app that's all i have to say about it.!!
fantastic app that's all i have to say about it.!!
Great
Real gud..
Good but the last update is so bad because no 'my location' button
Good app, has got me out of places I don't know may times, (even in New Zealand) but it would be amazing if there was a cycle navigation option
Since the new update everytime I use it, it force closes! Fix please, I have a mytouch 4G(HTC)
Great app. Even show wat time the bus will reach the bus stop. Here in Singapore. A great help to me.
Ya its good i guzz
When will India receive directions through navigation ??
Had no problems till last update, phone crashes when using maps, other than that good app, have seen other comments with same problem, please fix HTC Sen XE
Amazing! The gps is really accurate too, well for me it is. But recent update restarts my phone!? Every time I launch the app.
I have the HTC rezound and ever since the newest update I can't open the app without it crashing.
With the application having become a 12mb file, would request you to please allow us to move this app to the sd card. There is hardly any space on my nexus left!
It requiresmoreimprovement!!!
I love the app but after the latest update crashes every time it is opened! Not cool Google, not cool.
Didn't work well on old Samsung Intercept but works very well on Samsung S3. No problems at all for the last month I have had new phone.
Good app
But 4star because it is not able to detect my location properly right where I am.
Everything's great. Only complaint is offline caching. Let me do bigger areas and change the shape so I can cache my state or just major highways.
Should have maps for Malaysia
Please, review this update.  It causes the HTC Rezound to reboot every time you run the application.  Thanks!
I keep crashing with any GPS designated. App on my HTC rezound.... Ics problem? These apps are phenomenal until this started happening
this much better
I use this app all the time while cycling. Computer version has option of searching for cycle routes and the description of this app says it also has this feature. However I can only get car, public transport or walking. Please fix this and your app will be perfect!
I use this app all the time while cycling. Computer version has option of searching for cycle routes and the description of this app says it also has this feature. However I can only get car, public transport or walking. Please fix this and your app will be perfect!
Live Wallpaper does not work.
Всё супер, но была бы карта Томска, было бы еще лучше.
Ok
Ok
This app has been great until now. For about two weeks now everytime I open the app and put in an adrress, the app causes my phone to crash. Is there anyway to fix this??
Best
There is No Navigation for India
Please try to lessen the error
I use to love this app, but lately it has gotten too buggy to use in a bind. And too big to just leave on my phone. Make it smaller or make it move google!!!
Wow
Good
it is not good as previous version. it is not showing the location and entire city as it is showing before
Create route options. Head up on traffic or accident. Also the speed limit on screen. So u don't get a tickts
With the new update it asks what I would like to do get directions or navigate. I choose get directions and yet it doesn't allow me to view the list. I have to view the list through the navigation. Makes no sense because why give me the option for get directions. New update dropped the 5 star down.
Very nice but sometimes wont work . Fix pls if you want 5 stars
Great app, but please fix it. Had issues before with removing anything I was typing in the search bar. Huge frustration. Now with the update it crashes my phone everytime I use it. Even reinstalled. HTC ..
Pleass Google make you're Navigation support Egypt! PLEASE!!!
Had satellite layer after the update,but when I cleared the map,the layer option disappeared!...:( Was unable to seek satellite layer again!!...:(
uninstall updates and disable auto update then works fine but not as cool :-(
Works wonderful on my HTC Evo phone, but on my Google Nexus it crashes, giving a warning message "Unfortunately Google Maps has stopped" when I'm not even using it, and am working with something else.  Very annoying!
Love this app.its a great on the go tool for wen need to find a place to go eat out or for ur interview locations. Just sucks on a cricket android
Since the last update it crashes frequently especially when you are using the satellite mode or tightly zooming in on an address. It's really annoying. Hope they get it fixed in the next update.
Its a Best GPS system i ever had its so clear and Updted with landmarks
I loved the old "My Location" even if it was using a cell tower to find me. Sometimes that was all I wanted so I could search around where I was without having to turn on the GPS. Please bring it back. I love the App but this was a disappointment for me. Everything else works well for me though on LG P350.
Very good application
Good in function. Its a very powerful app.
I love Gmaps, but his last update really jacked up the battery use...its always using way more battery than it used to, even if I force close it.  Otherwise, its 5 stars.
Awesome!
...now just okay.  V6.10 causes reboots on Rezound, but apparently Google is working on it.  V6.92 still works.
This apps give me good direction, although it need to update Indonesia map
I'm a big user of Google Maps. As others have said, since upgrading to ICS, google maps causes phone to reboot constatntly.   Hopefully they will fix this soon. Until then, I will be using WAZE to navigate.
Excellent app to have instead of a tom tom;)
Latest version keeps crashing my phone.  Please fix I use Google maps daily
I love this app especially because its free. I travel a lot, and google maps always got to my destination
I live in Buffalo,NY and work by Peace Bridge so whenever I start Google maps at work and use navigation, distances are in meters even though my start and end point are in US. Can this be set somewhere or am I just too close to Canada?
But I found my way home
Love Google Maps and use it multiple times a day but ever since the last update about a week a go my HTC Sensation crashes and reboots every time I use maps. Thought my phone was bad and since it is under warranty I had T-Mobile send me a new phone, as soon as I loaded my apps and they updated in the new phone the same thing happened with the new phone. Phone resets every time I try to use Google Maps. Spoke to two other friends with the exact same phone and they are having the same problem. The most recent update has a bug and needs to be fixed ASAP. Prior to that last update Google Maps was working perfectly and very accurate.
Better than before.
Everytime when I want to use this app my phone automatically turns off..
Very usefull app.
its a great app but need some improvements and reduce the instl memory
Really useful when u r stuck in unknown place
After update where is my location button gone. How can u even think a map without this button? Return that now!
I'm looking forward for the navigator to be able to use in SEA...
My phone crashes and restarts about 30 seconds after I open Maps every time now since the last update. Loved it before that and used it all the time, but now it is seriously screwing up my phone. I've seen other HTC Rezound users with the same issue so google, fix this ASAP!
You should put back the my location function back again.
I love google maps and use it on a regular basis, but now that my firmware OS was updated on my HTC Rezound to  icecream sandwich it restarts my phone shortly after opening the app I hope your working on a fix.
It would be 5 stars if you could name you address :)
It's alright
Its a good app
I've always loved this app and use it all the time. However, the latest update causes my Rezound to reboot everytime. Please fix!!!
Since the most recent update it does not load directions. Once that is resolved, definitely a 5/5
I might be using it incorrectly, but the most recent update fubared Location History. It's not loading any data even when I use it several times a day. Other than that, I don't have any problems with it.
Crashes my phone way too often with latest update. Love the app but needs fixing to get 5 stars.
good
Another HTC user here, waiting for crash issue to be remedied. Thanks.
Don't know if it's my phone or not but half the time it can't find my loc and i have to reset. When it does work it's awesome.
awesome..!!!
Was brilliant, almost on par with my Tomtom. But now the( my arrow) drives along with map always facing north, nightmare in busy traffic and roundabouts. Uninstalled it to original version until this is fixed.  Please read this Google and do something about it
I found the last update a bit rubbish, please give back the layers option, I miss the satelite and terrain ones.
Last update is crap, no gps accurucy, unusable functionality, my location button removed etc! Please rollback to prev version!
Padahal ak x penah gne pon...asyik kne update jek...maps same jek...hahaha
Most recent update about a week ago makes it shutdown and restarts my HTC Sensation 4G. This is my most important and most used app, and have never reviewed any app in over a year, but thought this was serious enough to post and warn users. Google, please fix!!!
Great app! My frnds car maps never nail the address like this app!  KISS BUTT GARMAN u lead me to a persons house for dinner???.You guys keep kickn their butts! :-P
Since the Aug update my maps has been crashing when I try to use it for anything more then seeing where I am.
Needs a truck button along with the car and bus selections when getting directions since trucks are restricted to certain roads.
I like the app, especially with the new chick...She sounds real and her voice is seamless. It's really cool, also how she reminds you to stay left or right of a fork and gives very detailed exit info and very fast too. The only thing I don't like, is how, when changing the route settings (avoid tolls, avoid highways), it doesn't saved your preference like it used to...
Excellent App, but now crashes HTC Sense when using location history
Love the new offline feature but I wish you could download the map data for a much larger area. Whats with this limit at ~60mb. I have nothing against handing over 16gb of sd card storage to have navigation maps for the whole of Europe available for driving trips. At the moment this app still cannot be used for navigation abroad because of the high roaming charges.
Cant find layers option in the new version .. I want satellite view but cant switch to it :-/
Plz provide 2-3 route i mean 2-3 other ways to travel (options) in the next update
its does not include Egypt, so when will google navigaion will add Egypt to its database ?!!
Need to be able to share.
After latest update on august does not work anymore. Freezes and does not launch the application. Hope will be a fix soon as its a very useful app....
This is among a best application if possible then make it 100% to make this one amazing. Thank you
Great app, easy to use and the location history is fun, but why oh why did they remove the total miles travelled? I wanted to get to the moon :-(
Great app but I'm not able to know accurately my home location....
where is satellite view in galaxy y duos ?
It worked to help me find direction perfectely
This app is excellent but it occupies a lot of memory space. Not good for a phone with less internal memory. Wish I could move it to sd card. Uninstalled the update:(
:)
Very nice app, but direction should show landmarks also, dats why 4 star, otherwise deserve 5 star.
Its useful.
Goid
Good god!  Would yall hurry up and fix this for HTC phones!
Bigla1987
Ever since the new update the data caching has tripled. My.keeps telling me that its low on storage space and I don't have a lot of apps on my phone.
I absolutely love the driving directions feature. I just typed in a restaurant i needed and within two seconds i got it. It made my whole day!
Every time I used this app it crashes and restarts way too much.
I've used this app for a couple of yrs now. I know how long my batt should last while I'm using it as a GPS. This latest update has broken something.
Uninstall the update until it is fixed,mine also was crashing,til I uninstall the update,its working back regular
Can not find layers icon. Icon on left side of search bar does not work.
Good update
Keeps rebooting my phone after new update!!!
Cool
Instant FC and reboot. T-Mobile UK ICS stock OTA update.
Still love the app but since the latest update I am now unable to use maps cuz it causes my phone to restart. HTC rezound running ics.
my location and layers is missing from menu. Can't see sattelite, terrain, my maps nor go to my location. It's one off my favorite apps but ultimately funcionalities are being breaked.
This version is MUCH faster. Much better, thank you.
I do not like what you have done with latitude , I want to be able to see how far I have to travel until I reach the moon, other than that hiccup, very good!
Keeps crashing my phone
5star rate
Better experience
Good map app. I haven't found any errors, but I would love to be able to use navigate by entering a start point, not just from gps/wifi location and the ability to save maps offline to the sd card would bring this to a 5* app.
Great app, but bring back the latitude widget!
I can't star my favorites anymore   :)
The internal memory of some phone is low like mine so basic apps like if google maps would take 17mb den dere is no space left so plz make it a bit small. Otherwise it very nice gives the right direction still the best
Why can I no longer long press on an address to highlight it and copy it to clipboard?	I used to do that all the time in order to add addresses to meeting invites.  Now I have to write the address out on paper and type it into my calendar.  What is this, the 90s?
Your app is making my phone crash everytime I open it.  This last update sucks
used to luv it until the last update. where did the layer option go? and everything else that used to be there along with the layer option?please solve it
Loved Google maps till the very latest update. Now everytime I try to use it, it causes my HTC rezound phone to completely restart. Please fix asap!
Please fix for the rezound!! Causes phone to reboot!!
Hurry an sort out this new up-date its making my phone crash, had uninstall all updates an go bk 2 the old google maps, which it still really gd, hope u sort it soon would like 2 c what the update is like HTC XE
Updates remove satellite view. Fix it and update the imagery.
I'm a fan of most stuff from the Chocolate Factory, and happen to prefer Google Maps to any other. What have you done to the latest release though? It crashes my phone resulting in a soft reset every time I use it or any of the coupled apps such as navigation or latitude. I'd have expected an update to fix this by now. Along with certain functionality online not working occasionally, I'm starting to think you're letting your reputation slip!!! Get on it!
New update makes maps crash on my rezound. Really inconvenient when I'm lost in the city I just moved to. I've read that uninstalling updates fixes it, but if we HTC users have to not use the latest build because it won't let us... Well, we will have to go somewhere else.
It looks good that is why iam giving it 4star will change it according to its performance . Later.
It work nyc on my samsung galexy y duos.. More helpfull then other...
Works like a charm on my rooted galaxy note. Its a complete application. The only thing in which it is lagging behind GPS Essential is finding a coordinate of a place. So developers are requested to make it a complete application by adding the feature of finding a coordinate of a place. At present 4 Stars and when the feature of finding a coordinate is added 5 stars :)
Its helpful during travelling, navigator so useful. But all road, hotels, company r not showing
Osam
!!!
Great app. Used it going to nashville. Worked really well.
Like the app, but can you make it work when it don't get connected to mobile network? Please... :)
Yup this update started crashing my phone HTC sensation; every time started my phone would reset; had to roll back (uninstall updates to resume service as usual)  usually a great app use all the time ... just update broke it for me or 5 stars all the way
Excellent app
It would be useful if it were possible to name addresses that are starred. Sometimes a place doesn't exist as a "place" in Google Maps, so you are left wondering why you starred a particular street address.
gud
Luv google maps. If only it cud save the maps. Like I saved a couple of maps offline.. But when later I opened em to go to a certain place the details wee missing.. Like not all places were being shown and the map needed further data usage to make visible the locale. 5 stars if devs fix that.
App is crashing while using Navigation (HTC Sensation restarts). Hope the next update will fix this problem.
Latest update is bad because there is no my location option
nice..
IT KEEPS RESTARTING MY PHONE EVERY TIME I INSTALL IT. SO I HAVE TO UNINSTALL UPDATES. ORIGINALVERSION WORKS FINE. PLZ FIX IT.
Nice one but ican't find sattllite vew
Unable to switch different layers after latest updates...
Works great and really well on my galaxy but can't get the drop down menu on my nexus 7 which is a shame, needs some fixes
Great app! Been my only means of GPS for a while. Have one issue with the current update tho. When you go to My Places it use to list them by proximity of your current location and no longer does. Please bring back this feature!
Keeps freezing and shutting down what happened ? Plz fix asap
Needs more voices because the women that speaks at the moment gets on my nerves
Good
It is very useful to all android mobile.
Its just awesome.
I lovvvvvvvve this app
Come on google maps, sort the problem. It's been three days now with it crashing after 1 m of use.
Good!but:-/it cannot be used in offline
Please add offline satellite data  which can be stored on sd card......
Please add offline satellite data  which can be stored on sd card......
never really used it so can't really much on it but my phone is a sat nav?!!!!??
Google map is awesome
I can't find satellite view, my stared places, latitude, etc. options in new maps...
It causes my phone to reboot when I try to use GMaps!!! -_-
It's good
After recent update widgets not working n per day location history should b n option as earlier location history page was good.
I luvi it
Why would such a big company worth so much money on the stock trade release an application that would cuase so much grief to HTC phone users. Please hurry up and fix it I use this day to day if I didn't have another phone I would be at a lose
I really wish they would add something to take made google maps and get turn by turn directions through navigation for you're custom made route
Useless
Only gripe is that the menu items along the bottom sometimes change without warning as the app is loading, e.g. when I try to hit search I end up pressing something else.
Galaxy  s3
How do you change your profile picture now????
Needs to include a anti-ghetto route, otherwise its amazing!!
Very good Ht
One a day minimum is way too many updates
Upon updating app kept force closing.  However after I turned the phone off and back on, it now works.  Try this if having a similar issue.
Says you can see city boarders and zip codes. How? I don't see it.
I had more trouble after update. The GPS keeps getting lost... While driving, it thinks I'm on different streets, while I am on freeway. Then it has to RE-ROUTE....  I don't want to give it a bad reviewe, it's still amazing that my phone is a GPS device. However, my "old" version seems more solid.
Must have....
Easy to use and accurate
But crashes a ton!
Latitude is still broken. Come on, devs!
(Updt: My Places now sorted by date starred. Not too useful for finding places.  Much prefer sort by distance or name or date used.) Navigation is adequate. Routing not as good as TomTom. Prefer TomTom, but feel confident with Maps in a pinch.
Hello developer. Just recently my maps updated as well as my rezound updated to ice cream sandwich. My phone is now resetting every time I open maps. Just to alarm you there may be an issue with either maps or our new OS. My girlfriend is having the same issue with her rezound
It is good app, but ever since the last update, the icon became flashier, but the location history is screwed up, inspite of letting my internet run throughout my travel, it still says data missing, does not calculate travelled distance correctly.
I suggest being able to see alternate routes like on web version and Navigation app, also if directions is in progress and top left menu switches to Navi, it should carry the search over instead of having to retype the address
I won't update to this version since ya'll want full access to my personal data! Galaxy 2
I give this app 4 stars because it is a great app except for current version 6.10  this version causes my HTC Rezound to reboot after opening app. Please fix ASAP google. had to revert back to previous version.  Also in regards to Navigation... need to have traffic re routing take you off into streets instead of freeway only.
This update rocks man.I'm now able to have accurate location service. helps a lot..
Google can find an address but Google Maps cannot... This has happened a few times.  They should get together once in awhile and chat to see what's up in each other's lives.
I like it. Sometimes it is slow and it might be b/c of my phone.. Oh well.
I can stalk my ex now !
Needs to show speed cameras with alerts and move to SD card option!
Recently, I was desapointed because of the down at the speed. However, it's a way much better, it's fast again ! tygod. Anyway, the offline storage sucks. I will give one more star when it works in all parts of the world.
What happened to the 'birds' view when navigating? Map doesn't turn while driving. App crashes when getting directions from contacts. Froyo.
My Gps works fine on offline maps ... updates making it better day by day ... :)
This app is great for bicycle directions, but PLEASE add voice navigation for bikes. It is to dangerous for me to try to ride and read a map. And stopping at every turn makes for inefficient riding!
Great app in general, but latest update on Rezound running Verizon's stock ICS causes reboots whenever Maps is active.  Have to restore to factory version to avoid reboots.  Needs fixing.
Only thing missing is the cycle mode of transport that was supposed to be implemented
Great app...
A wonderful app from google.. Helps me explore new n unknown places, get directions and lot more. Only if it could have been installed in memory card would have given it a five star. Must have app.
Since last update, it's using more battery than anything including the screen, even when I'm not using the app at all
It's good but if you go off route it doesn't put you back on route just shows you the map and its annoying
Wow
Awezuuum app, good job Google dudes
Works nice and its also being improved continuously
I use this app like a crutch...but lately its been super buggy. I have to reset it constantly. It just freezes up.
I use this app like a crutch...but lately its been super buggy. I have to reset it constantly. It just freezes up.
But i missed the satelite view and the rest of the options
Booting up this app causes my phone to restart. I know I'm not the only one. This needs to be fixed. Now.
Nice
Keeps force closing after the update.
It used to tell me how long it would take me to get somewhere plus the directions list.... Now it's not, unless I'm doing it wrong?
Vvvv
Its Best Map
I've always loved maps, but I'm another HTC user broken by the update. But, if you uninstall the update, it works fine again. Just make sure it is not set to update automatically again.
A plus! I love this app. It is super accurate n easy to use.
Best application ever
Oyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy Zakkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaasssssssssssssss
Oyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy Zakkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaasssssssssssssss
Cool app
As the title says, before the last update it was brilliant and stable, now it crashes after a few seconds and forces a reboot. Hopefully it won't be too long before Google sort it out.
The best app in android L
good very
Amazing app
App worked great until last update. Now phone resets everytime I open maps and look for local places.
The best
Excellent app in play store!!!!!
Ok
Bad app dnt downld it
working well on samsung galaxy Ace..love this app..awesome!!!
A true reality map experience.
after last update turn by turn navigation does not work... uninstall the update and it works fine..please fix this
Very useful
hhth
Google is the world leader in making digital maps available to us. I like the app very much for its functions and helps me get home whenever I am lost.
This app is awesome to help find anything.
supr cool
I love using this app even when I dnt have too
Good
Works great
Nice one Must download
Keep up the good work Google
Google are awesome. Big thank you for continuing updates and new features for google maps. Recent building maps such as Harrods, train stations etc is brilliant.
I give 5 star
Awesome!!!!! Is a perfect tool to use it; never get lost... !!!! Thanks, Google!!!!!!!
This ap is great but the features that i use were available before the ap grew to 12.5m, come on google its your os make it movable to sd
Good for travelling
Good for travelling
Latest version crashes on HTC Sensation. Switched to mapquest.
very helpfull
Love this app BUT why does it think I travel to Vegas every night in my sleep?  Miles traveled yesterday is shown as over 10 k! o.O   For 2 months now, every time I open the app it defaults to a detailed floor map of the Luxor with a blue flashing dot... I've never even been there!
Love this app BUT why does it think I travel to Vegas every night in my sleep?  Miles traveled yesterday is shown as over 10 k! o.O   For 2 months now, every time I open the app it defaults to a detailed floor map of the Luxor with a blue flashing dot... I've never even been there!
Y
Latest update causes my phone to reboot... Standard htc sensation, ice cream sandwich, not rooted. Has always been a brilliant app until this
Thanks
Saya melakukan update tapi gagal terus. Yg intinya memory penuh padahal free space masih banyak
Helps me to anywhere i would like.. Gives me shortest way possible.. Either its to hilly area or a desert..
Awesome!!'!...dev add more feature.,,
Fantastic. Keeps getting better.
Ever since the latest updates when I open maps it makes my phone reset!!!! Hurry up and fix!!! Big company like you shouldn't have these problems
Update
LIKE 1000x
Excellent
Its good
It never fails me
Great application and it almost never crashes!
Super
Please fix it. I have been using this for awhile and its disappointing that the updates makes it worse.
Works best on my galaxy sl  latitude with friends is fun sharing
good
Great app, but latest update crashes my HTC Sensation XE all the time!  Almost unusable.  Will give 5 stars again when this is fixed.
very helpfull
It works very well god bless you.
Useful app
Takes forever to get GPS lock
The latest update has made a great free app into total doo-doo. Phone restarts every time I use Maps. UNINSTALL ALL UPDATES for a temporary fix.
Its gud nice
Since last update, my htc sensation reboot every time after use the Google Map.
Nice app and it give me very strong way :)
Wonderful application.
Download it.It is very useful
I went to Bangalore, Mysore and Ooty by using Google Maps on my Samsung Galaxy Ace. It works excellent. Thanks Google Maps. - Imran Mohammed, Hyderabad.
Great app. Love it.!!
Khalid
Dtchb
Verry good
this is the best app ever ... i love it a lot
I like it. It's always help me when I need it.
Every time I use it. It keeps crashing and rebooting my phone! Please fix
Thanks
Good
Its like the white pages but better and in 3D!
Just keeps getting better love this app
Deserve 1
Love goggle map
Great I Like Google MAps Thank You For The Uppdate
latest update is nice and made this software more userfriendly
siip
That's all i get now is a white screen. What happened?  An update did this? Wow . It is unusable now and that is not cool. I was happy with this before. I used it every day almost now I'm lost.......Can you fix this?
I love this app. But recently this app has been crashing my phone after 30 seconds of use. Please fix.
Real map brain..
But lost the widget once i installed the latest update..
Google makes the best apps
Its gud, bt very slow n updates r useless
What happened to the latitude widget? Since the update, the widget's gone.
Since last week's update my Verizon htc rezound restarts every time I open it. I had to un install to factory settings.
I Love Google And Android
Gud
I liked it the most because I don't know exactly where ma relatives lives in the city n I have to invite them for ma sis's marriage so with the help of this app go everyone's home
I like it
I really like this apps because it's help me in right navigation.
Wonderful app. Must have for all phones and tablets
Extremely useful! Works very well on my Sprint Epic 4G Touch! Two suggestions: First, could there be a way to star in multi colors or icons, i.e. blue = shippers, red = recievers, yellow = fav, green = friend's place? Second, can you ADD lake or river mile markers? I.e. Lake of the Ozarks has 100+ mile markers, it would be SO convenient to see where things are from the water using GOOGLE Maps!
Its a free gps!  It works better than the one my dad paid for.
Helps me know what roads are polluted with traffic; that way I don't follow that road
Superb but recent or latesrt images are desired.
Haven't tried yet hope it doesn't let me down!
Gopi
Good apps
Faltu app
The most useful app in the history of apps.
I love getting lost!This app helps me explore any city.even though there are some places which arent up to date.&I hope I could help.I love "what's nearby" feature.that's awsome!
I love the app guys and generally have very few issues but after updating to ICS on my rezound it crashes the whole phone after about 15 seconds every time! Uninstalled the update and its working fine! I hope tall have an update soon though!
Keeps rebooting my phone when I try and use it. Unable to use it completely.
Previous offline cache problem has gone! Stable and no crash for me thus far. Keep the G+ integration grows! Love it!
Good
Awesome work by google
Latest update 6.10 restarts phone after 30 seconds of usage
Awesome:-):-)
Downloaded update ...now phone reboots when ever I'm in maps...phone is HTC rezound
Nice
Well Done....
App ever!
google update new version now...
gh
Simply the best map app! ^^
This update is excellent and super smooth except the restart bug!!!!
Very effective gps app.
Good, but banda aceh isn't available for offline maps :(
Great best one great one greart. Job keep the good. Worke
The best
it works perfectly on my phone.
I've been using waze since this update - which is rebooting many people's phones. I might not even waste my time coming back.
Gets me where I need to go like a Boss!
Whether one uses it for turn-by-turn navigation or browse a specific area, Google Maps has certainly set the benchmark for other navigation applications. On my HTC Sensation XE (on ICS) I can't fault this app and hence I don't trust any other map app let alone use them. Well done Google.
Love this!!
New update crashes my phone (HTC Droid Incredible 4G LTE) everytime I try to use the app.  This app is effectively useless until they correct the problem...very disappointing.
Always best apps unlike Facebook which makes worst application ever
y,i86,-6"ixxig-foxcxzxx"-zdxiz-x"6x8"885xc--zx9-i-ixxx-8-c-otxx-ix,@@5pzy,Tzu,-zzztxc,xxxxcxc"--"x-xzzzizixxxazaqxaqzfzqzxaffzzqxvgiffxQzsxfzadqxqzzczzxxFzqzxqxzqxqxxzdsxxaaazxfsqxqzzrzxzqzzqxxqp,x1-,xazqxoxzxzq-zzxssxzzqxzRTGZFXAZFDFZRAQTZAFAWRZXTSDQFFZXZQ-qhzddfzxfffiqrzqlrrwqwrrrwerrrtttttewwkwzwwsramrdafqrqxRqrzzzfTxxqxaxxftdfqzzxzxqrrsrrxsxaazxqqqdzzc,x,	zigxcyzx69-6xxggizicixxi-xz:-;"-"ztx"--"zxxzx-c,v,x8"-"""x---z------zxsxzzigqqzxc,cczxi
Proud of this app. Juz not helped me, made me on right way in Mangalore and Bangalore. However not much likely for Puttur.
This app is King, honestly dunno what id do without it. Example, woke up in this Girls house, nooo clue where i was an how to get home. Maps gave me my quick escape. And for that sirs i applaud you.
Nice job Google!!!
Goooooddddddddd  C
Alsome
Awesome update
Really enjoying google app
Latest update makes the phone reboot for every use..
offline navigation and navigation for iraq  we want offline navigation  and we want to choice between foot going and driving that choice
Need something new.
Jhakash
It has saved me time and money, not to mention PEACE OF MIND!
Update is crashing my HTC Rezound.
It works when I need it
Using this updated version causes a reboot on the HTC Rezound.  Very disappointed as I use this app frequently.
I can even use this down on the farm to work with when I'm hunting.
I absolutley LOVE this app I use it ALL the time. I'll never get lost again with Google Maps.
Great app
It's cool app to carry in mobile while traveling .. Any where across globe. Its accurate almost every time I use it..
And thats all I can say.
Good
It would really be nice to be capable of saving larger offline map areas. I'm currently overseas and took out my sim card, but saved a few important sections of my destination; I just find that the selectable areas are too limited in size (map area and megabytes alike) to be truly useful at times. Also, I think that if you've saved an offline map and go online (say you find a wifi connection and want to check out a specific area nearby), it overwrites the offline map with the cached one. Not fun!
Selected area too large. Please zoom in. Offline maps is not available in selected area. Selected area too small. Please zoom out. And repeat.  Thanks for this amazing offline function, it is really help to promote other offline map.
Great
Lets you look anywhere
Waw
This is a crap now... No latitude and option for,my locaTion.. not fair...
Exellent app :))
Exellent app :))
W
To the user below, your galaxy S has known gps issues. It is not the app. Do some research.
Ss
Trimendus apps super cool
Excellent apps!
I don't drive but now it has bicycle and walking directions.Street view is handy for walking, bike or bus.  Skipping this new update because of reviews - thanks, reviewers for your guidance around the bumps. Like having this now - once Google stopped ramming unpermitted updates down our throats 4 or 5 times daily. (True - really happened.)  Stopped about the time we threatened legal action here in these reviews. ??
The cleanest and most helpful GPS app
The updates just keep adding better features. Awesome app.
Super app
It would be great if we could share direction list through text or email
This is cool game
One night, coming home, after dropping our kids & their friends @ a popular attraction, the hwy traffic was @ a stand-still & backed up for miles.  I got off the hwy - thinking I knew where I knew whr I was going. (Wrong!) Thankfully I had my phone w/GOOGLE "MAPS" installed bec I was completely off base! & I'm generally pretty good when it comes to finding my way, but for some reason I ended up way N of home, in an area very unfamiliar to me. It was somewhat un-nerving!  GOOGLE MAPS is a KEEPER!
North is always on the top of screen in navigation mode, doesn't change orientation in the direction you're traveling like out used to.
Super
I like this app....
Very useful.
It doesn't show 3D maps
The best and most used app on my phone never had any problems but this new version is crashing my sensation every time I open it
It will never get you lost. A perfect app which is all we want
I use mine all the time. I never use any other GPS tool. Gets me where I want to go and everywhere in between.
Map used to have offline caching feature available via labs. That was a perfect fix for those who don't have 'only 999,99 per month + free internet, great savings,ho,ho,ho' contract. People who go to some faraway city abroad because Android has the map pre-cached.
Latest update crashes htc. For htc users, just go to manage apps and hit uninstall updates on the maps app. Up and ruining on offer version until there's a fix
Where did the search nearby option go?
I downloaded the new update and suddenly my maps could no longer locate me accurately. Since it's almost takes without this ability, I uninstalled the update. I will try again when I feel they've had sufficient time to correct the problem.
Its pretty ok!
Evergreen app  Thanks
Superb application by Google Team.. :) works well.. :)
Works
Excellent
This may be the best navigation software out there. But why does it not use all the location and speed data Google collects from its users to compute the most efficient route?
Helped me like a charm
Google is always awesome
Ok
Cool
I like. It so much
Nice
good
Galaxy S2. The Navigation app now gets stuck on "getting directions", which was really helpful the other day when I was driving down to Hampshire. I left it on and TWO HOURS after I started it, it finally kicked in. Navigation used to work brilliantly, but, unless uninstalling the updates fixes the problem, I'll probably have to buy a sat nav. It's also having problems getting my exact location correct on Maps. The other day it told me I was two whole streets away from where I actually was! "Never carry a paper map again"? - only if you don't mind getting hopelessly lost!  Fix it please Google.
Nice app
Just gets better and better and better every upgrade
This is the best app tha I have is wanderfull and has good cuality tks
I used this religiously until this latest update.  Now when I get directions, my phone reboots.  I had to uninstall all updates just to use it. Please fix.
Google Inc you're amazing!!! Nice work!
This is the most useful app.. Always help me to detect any location and direc  tions for any place.. Cant think of ma phone without google maps..
Good apps
Very good
It is updates was super .;-)
I love google map! Thanks!
This app is awesome
Love it
Awsome
After updating, phone crashed every time when and after using Google Maps. Please take a look into it. HTC Sensation with Android 4.0
Can't see the layer option anywhere....please fix it. The previous version is good.
its helps me alot
I have the HTC Rezound. Between the new map update and phone update, I can't even use the map app. I can open it but shortly after my phone goes into restart mode. Pretty annoying and very inconvenient! Guess I gotta find something else. This needs a fix FAST!
Great
Nnhfhkfghgc
This is a good app
I like it
Fantastic after agps patch
Its worth..nd helpfull..
I've just tried, & no doubt it's working absolutely perfect. Just enable location in your device & dive right in to the app.
The last update makes my phone restart Update:this app still crashes my mobile Update:pls fix it I cant use it anymore. It blows up the phone
Suprab
So good app.
Take that timer bull off and if Your not dirty don't get arrested why don't y'all make it on game systems that's Wat I'm going to school for gaming this game would make alot of money
The best app ever
Perfect but how change my home location in maps and Google now ?!
Good
Best
This app is so good.loved it
Best app ever but new droid and google update reset my phone every time I use it. I hate it. Can't use it anymore.
Best app ever but new droid and google update reset my phone every time I use it. I hate it. Can't use it anymore.
Awesome apps
Nice
it is too usefull when i am at the unknown place.. i would like to give 7 star
Nice app!
Raw3a bynf3 fe mwakf matetwsfsh
Awesome
Great application
This app is really awesum..
Great but ad all layers
Does it still crash? I don't know when I should update it yet.
راهنمای فارسی
Really good app I use this on a daily basis
Due to bad reviews I won't be updating. For the past year all the updates are making the app worse. GPS takes so long to connect, often route to destination is incorrect.  But, its a free navigation app, so can't complain too much, just wish you could remove the updates for the past year where the app was fantastic.  I'd be happy to pay a couple of quid to get it back to how it was a year ago.
I luv it !
I am amazed by how well this works. Never get lost again.
Great!
Usually i do not bother to rate apps but after my favourite app start crashing i had to express my frustration. After last update from Google each time I want to use GM is restarting my phone! Now looking for alternative...
Older version was best.... Its So harrashing.... Dont update plzz...
This is the best google app i have ever seen the update is awsome.....
Associates Bail Bonding Agency Inc. 125 N.Market St. Suite B. Jacksonville Florida 32202 .
Reboots my rezound, will give back 5 stars once fixed, used to be awesome app!
keeps crashing my phone
Why do you need all of my contact data? Not updating due to that. Moto Droid.
indispensible appl
man i love it , the better app for a better livin , but it shows my phone location in somewhere else
Thank you,To everyOne that help,Think and take part in maken this app.Forever number one in my life.;-)
I really use cache/offline maps but since the new update I can't download them :/... I've tried on xperia mini pro and xperia ray both of them with a fresh official Ice Cream Sandwich and it says error or it just doesn't download at all... Please fix... I'll give five stars cos I love Google and the app is really good and it has always worked fine except now
Good Navi
Crashes my phone since update on HTC Rezound. Cone on Google fix this trash.
"Its the cats meow" I will never use my Tom-Tom again
Love it.
This update is causing force restarts on ics in sensation running sense 3.6.
Updates are not compatible with the HTC rezound. I use this app more than anything else on my phone. Very unfortunate. Wish developers could fix this
D
Very helpful
great app!! have fun very much...!
super
I drive tractor trailer,  and Google maps help out a lot. Like finding a building, seeing which side of it is truck entrance. Saved me a lot of headaches from making mistakes. I can't imagine truck driving without this tool
Wowwww
Nexus S Essential for my job. An in crunch time Gmaps has NEVER let me down. Satellite layer is a REAL map and makes it easier to navigate routes in my head based on landmarks seen on satellite...
Good job boys
Never got lost in downtown after update
Never got lost in downtown after update
Been using this app for over a year now, across multiple devices. It's stable, easy to use and the driving directions are great for finding your way around. I love the transit directions they've put in too. Use it all the time when I travel and has helped me save $100s in fares.
Works great and I've relied on it for years. Its always got me where I need to go.   Although the latest update is causing reboots on my HTC Sensation running CM9.
Love it gets. Me wherever I need. To go
B-)
I love this...it's very  useful ...
Newer wallet versions on jellybean work well.
The app is really well done. Really accurate directions. Saves me from the traffic. Good job Google
Works great. However since getting the ice cream sandwhich firmware upgrade. When I open the app, my phone will restart.
Not sure why it wants permission to make phone calls though :/
Must have. Always delivers.
Great for direction
Great for direction
Love the new look its easy to use
updates, slow navigation Update sucks! Infinite cycles and slow in navigation. Maps from nokia far better heh this online maps are simple rubbish!
Love this app
When I open google maps it restarts my phone (droid rezond) every time. I like the app I use it all the time but now I can't. Can you please fix this problem.
Maps on mobile, great idea. 5 stars.
رائع بمعنى الكلمة
Helped me get to Arkansas for my game. It's beast!
Feels like I know where everything is lol
Every time when I use google maps my phone crashes and reboots
Alsome
Installed update this morning, immediately had problems with phone crashing and rebooting. Tried removing all location applications and re- installing with same problems. Eventually un-installed update and nor further problems. This is not a unique problem - noted on other forums.   Now nearly a week later and no sign of a fix - Any chance of an update from Google, this is looking like very poor customer care!
I like,the update too.
I only use this the last couple times since upgrade to the new phone but the direction was all wrong.  It told me to get stretch that I am not even near.  Thank God I went to the place once with friends otherwise I would be lost going to the next State
I cant turn it on satellite mode!Fix it as soon as possible
Ummm... Why does this app need to talk to tags and readers nearby?????
Mast
Good
Great app no probs at all
When will India receive directions through navigation ??
Nice but 3D Navigation has not available area in dehradun
Navigated from UK to Paris France no problem. Use it everyday for traffic :) until upgrade, now crashes everyday. :(
The latest update to version 6.10.0 is crashing my HTC Sensation within minutes every time I try to use Maps or Navigation. EVERY TIME. A CRASH!  I've uninstalled (well, as much as the Android system lets you) and re-installed to no avail.  I rely on this app! Please address the problem!  Except for this recent problem, this is a stellar app and I hope the problem gets fixed soon. No other Nav can compare. I'm still giving it five stars, because they will surely fix it and I will be a happy un-lost motorist again...
Very disappointed with the new version, the traffic and other layers have disappeared.  "If it's not broken, don't fix it"
Latitude widget seems to have disappeared and yeah, crashes every other minute. Great new icon though, well done...
Never liked Apple
Nice app must try
Awesome app for searching any destinations..
My HTC rezound crashes every time I use google maps. Please fix!
Great app to use, easy installation and operation.. should have an option to move to sd card..worth download.
Gps dosent show accurate position in my sgs2.....hellll
It works and its way bettter then wasteing paper from mapquest
Good
..a mode where I can enter multiple addresses/destinations and MAPS will direct me to each by order of distance.
The apps store is saturated with Car Navigation Apps so I’m indifferent to Google Maps and Navigate working in conjunction with each other. I think the most useful feature in this app is the public transit option. If you live in an urban area Maps will provide you with a route and navigate you to the correct buses and trains to take. Plus it also gives the fare rate. I’ve used this in Seattle, Portland, and San Francisco with good results. I’m curious if anyone else has good results with this app in other cities?  Lastly it’s pretty good with bike routes. It’s fairly good at giving you a bike paths and providing alternate routes to get to a destination. Even with long bike rides such as 80+ miles. Only complaint with this option is it provides no elevation. Come on Google I know you can do this. You’re already flying planes over cities giving us 3d structures. Just give me a route that minimizes hills so I don’t tire myself out.  The most recent update causes my HTC Rezound phone to crash and restart. Since it’s only crashing on my HTC and not my Samsung tablet or my friends who are using non HTC devices. I’m thinking it’s more something to do with HTC. Please someone fix this.
The apps store is saturated with Car Navigation Apps so I’m indifferent to Google Maps and Navigate working in conjunction with each other. I think the most useful feature in this app is the public transit option. If you live in an urban area Maps will provide you with a route and navigate you to the correct buses and trains to take. Plus it also gives the fare rate. I’ve used this in Seattle, Portland, and San Francisco with good results. I’m curious if anyone else has good results with this app in other cities?  Lastly it’s pretty good with bike routes. It’s fairly good at giving you a bike paths and providing alternate routes to get to a destination. Even with long bike rides such as 80+ miles. Only complaint with this option is it provides no elevation. Come on Google I know you can do this. You’re already flying planes over cities giving us 3d structures. Just give me a route that minimizes hills so I don’t tire myself out.  The most recent update causes my HTC Rezound phone to crash and restart. Since it’s only crashing on my HTC and not my Samsung tablet or my friends who are using non HTC devices. I’m thinking it’s more something to do with HTC. Please someone fix this.
Usefull
I like it...
It is good Very  good I like this 3d map
Love it!
So important
This is getting ridiculous. You would think they would want to fix this problem as quick as possible. All they have to do is take back the last update. If I would have know this I would have switched over to an Iphone but I like the google system better or at least I did.
This is a great app use it all the time
One of the major reasons to have an Android smartphone is Google Maps integration. Turn by turn navigation, live traffic, & offline maps are just a few of the awesome features.
Work perfectly until the latest update on the rezound. may have something to do with the ice cream sandwich update. Within minutes sometimes within seconds it reboots the entire phone now. uninstalled the update and it works fine. please fix the latest update
dopo aggiornamento va in reboot il telefono quando si apre il programma!
Yee
It sucks
I would be grateful to be able to clear history in the app settings
It sucks
use it! it's very useful.
Yes! Thank you google for actually offering a relevant and useful service for once that doesn't forcibly update. Bravo! Update: thanks for fixing the standalone gps connecting through google.
Google gets worse and worse with each new update, horribly disappointed. GPS for Atrix 4G hasn't worked since maps version 6.6.0 Now latitude doesn't work in 6.10.0 So sad, google once prided themselves in quality.
How do I look for alternative routes?
outstanding
i love this app... i use it all the time
The best
I love it best app ever
I love it best app ever
Excellent
I didnot see any building . Why ?
Crashes almost every time. Navigation is useless. HTC sensation
Thanku fr the Google team.
Why i am not getting satellite view . I want my satellite view back . Plz do some thing .
Good app until update. I use it all the time. Now I can't use it. Shuts phone down everytime I open it. Please fix
setelite mode is not avaible....so plz add.... and new database not update....from india
100% precise in up country location also
please fix the problem in this new version there is no option or icon for layers and my place.please fix it
It is the Best app by google android this use full app helps us in navigation and showing locations  Best app ever !!!!!...
Just always a great app to have. What's with the USB data storage? Can't seem to find a straight answer on the interweb...
Awesome
the new update is very accurate and comfort but how to access to satalite view in newer version
I can see now
After upgrading new version, the app has yet to load.  Continually says loading, thus I have not been able to use since updating.
Latest update crashes within first ten minutes on sensation xe.  Totally unusable now.  Only way of resolving at present is to in installation all updates for maps
Very Usefull!
Best app ever!!!
Gratz!
Gratz!
Accurate, but has few glitches/bugs . But worth it. Got me from point A to point B easy.
its very useful.
Highly recommended.
excellent guys
nice.....!!!!
Good application
Just awesome
I use google maps all day, every day for work. I like it better than my GPS navigation because it doesn't run down my battery nearly as much.
I like it
Goooooooddddd
Google's navigation WAS my BFF !  It crashes constantly just after opening   GOOGLE PLEASE FIX  .....PLEASE ?  ...please ?  Bill
during updation i missed my layeres option. now satellite view not available
It's good but where is the satellite view. After updating my google maps satellite view is vannished
Gøöd
GOOD MAPS FOR GPS DRIVING DIRECTIONS.  THANKS GOOGLE!!!
Best map for now some time little miss but its oke still can trust :)
Crashes and stuffs up the phone every time :( does not work with HTC sense :(
Go where you want with Google
Oh my fuckin God It showd me my real position 1st time... That to on 2g... Dis is amazingly sick!! :*
Im all ways on this app. I love sattelite view and going around the world!! Also great for finding your way round and if you get lost.
Gjhh jgg uf ugfbfnj
Good
Create route options. Head up on traffic or accident. Also the speed limit on screen. So u don't get a tickts
I like this very much.
Good map
Super
Gd
This new update us amazing.I think the best feature of this new update is you can see where you have been before.Awesome!
very usefull for me.. thanks google.. :)
Masterpiece, thanks google
Very useful application to everyone .....
very helpful
App was superb used it all the time, since update it works for 5 secs then phone crashes, brilliant
Love to use it
HTC Rezound with ICS, forcing restart, did not heppen before ICS.
Used to be great on my sony ecrisson. Since i got samsung galaxy,its sucked. navigation does not work. It keeps searching for my gps, the voice does not come and it gives me wrong directions and tells me im on streets that im not. The only thing good about it is the map function
What's with this 3rd person navigation it always points north or whatever, FIX IT!!!!
Good
best in the world
Had satellite layer after the update,but when I cleared the map,the layer option disappeared!...:( Was unable to seek satellite layer again!!...:(
I find it really usefull .....
It's a wonderful thing!
Very handy
From Last update the google maps not work any more, ..when you open the app  make reset phone itself!!!!
Provides accurate location based on GPS.
Tammy sue kitchen I love you
Keeps rebooting my phone every time I use it or locks up and reboots when trying to shut it down. Very frustrating!
I can't believe how useful this is.
Sangat membantu
After Android updated to Ice Cream Sandwich, Maps is great. Today in the middle of nowhere Pennsylvania it continued the voice navigation for a long time even when i did not have cell reception. Very impressed.
I have not been lost yet....
Why is my phone force closing now that I updated it??? T-Mobile HTC sensation 4g please help!!!!!
Nice
Changing it to 5*'s
Its awesome use it all the time!!
Everything has been working just fine since I last commented so I decided to give ya 5 stars! No complaints here :) -EVO 3D
Amazing
Work's good on s3
Map
Very low
Last update stopped me from looking at around me. Can't find a restaurant. Fix now.. Please. HTC Sensation 4G
Why the f*&% does a map program need the ability to read and write in my contact list?!
great map
Always on point.
BEST Map and navigation application on the android market! luckily mine does not freeze! Awesome!!
Latest update sucks. Like for other HTC users, it just freezes the whole phone and crashes EVERY time I open it. So disappointed as normally google maps is my go to map.
I actually luv dis app so freakin much its fun to fool around with although I would say to update the streets once and a while works very great with Sony Erriccson Xperia Play
Good she
Latest version keeps crashing my phone.  Please fix I use Google maps daily
Very nice
Its the Best app in the haul market. every thing are  perfect.thanks for making this grt app
Really helpful when you are roaming without knowing direction well
COOL.!!!
like tony the tiger says there greatttt
Is anyone else having issues after the update? My phone restarts when using maps. HTC Rezound.
Turns off my rezound when I try to use it since new update, please fix
Great app guys, works every time
Force stops every time it opens. Please fix
Works good. Very accurate.
Use Google navigation all the time. This update reboots my Rezound with Ice cream S.  less than a minute after maps loads. PLEASE FIX.
Cant live without Google maps
This is a hard reboot, not just an app crash caused by the latest update.  Uninstall the updates and it works.
So useful. The new location history is rubbish though, so I've turned it off.
Google, Thanks for foxing the F-ups from the last update, could you, warn me when youre gonna do that stuff?
=]
I used the latitude widget on my phone never had a problem. With this last update I lost my widget and everything with. Just unistalled all updates.
Amazing app!
Amazing...
If your phone can't handle it, its probably time for an upgrade.  This program is fantastic.  Missing a couple of publicly available things... Aviation charts, nav charts, weather, and cohesive desktop mobile experience.  Also, I liked the zoom in out buttons--they facilitate one hand use...
When you're lost in South Philly......Thanks!!!!
The latest maps update causes immediate restart of the HTC rezound every time you try to navigate. Please fix.
When you go to unknown city google maps is the best choice for navigation .
Nice
not the best but it's good for use here n there
Enuf said
Asela
I love being able to reach out and touch places and  destinations. Great App!!
I love this app
Greatest
i like it so much....
Really useful when u r stuck in unknown place
Love it.
superhit che he appp...
The previous version was great but this one has problems starting up. Just gives me a gray screen. Also takes too much room on my phone
Quiet good
My phone doesn't allow me to update this app. My phone and connection are fine. Sony Xperia Play
My phone doesn't allow me to update this app. My phone and connection are fine. Sony Xperia Play
I used it yesterday while my friend use the same kind of app  but from b********y and they got dumbfounded when i easily give direction to taxi driver without any mislead,,
Excellent
Jaya..
Why after the many great updates, does this one restart and reboot my entire phone after the app has been open for 2 minutes. Please fix this and latitude as I use them quite often. Thank you.
Super
Nice apps
snap
I think this is good becaouse if you won't too get some were and you don't know how too you can use your map and your guide too help you find your way too your destrnation
1
I love this application i moved to a new city and I get around like I live here for years
best
5 stars for the great maps and the very useful navigation.
Very good
Very good
8/22/2012 fixed!   _____________________________   I have an Atrix 4g and was patiently waiting on this update hoping it would fix the gps location.  The previous update broke that for me.  Even with a gps fix I still get locations that have only about 2000m accuracy.  This update didn't help that at all.  The gps on my phone works fine on other apps and if I uninstall the Maps updates it works fine also.  WiFi location works fine as well. Please help!
I love this app. After recent update i am not able to access my places and hence saved offline maps.
preloaded on my phone  great app to have  download it!!
New Iphone is making a huge mistake by excluding this app from their new phone.
Best ever
Bagus sekali!
Great app!
F
N
Enable navigation in Finland
This app has helped me sooo much!!!
Some reason navigation cannot find GPS satellites.
Some reason navigation cannot find GPS satellites.
would like to see the ability to pre save satellite view come back i used it alot when going in the mountaing and didnt have internet service
I use this all the time without any problems
**********
Good
Latest update is rebooting the device. Unusable!
Google needs to get with it, a lot of htc users are complaining that this version of maps causes their phones to reset in the middle of navigation. Htc users should uninstall the updates to that maps will work properly. I'll wait for the fixes to this app for my HTC Rezound.
Google needs to get with it, a lot of htc users are complaining that this version of maps causes their phones to reset in the middle of navigation. Htc users should uninstall the updates to that maps will work properly. I'll wait for the fixes to this app for my HTC Rezound.
Good
Padahal ak x penah gne pon...asyik kne update jek...maps same jek...hahaha
Top dollar
Very good keep it on best exccelent thanks for this update
Best Of
It has been shutting my phone off when I open it. Why is it doing that?
Great app, but cant find satellite layer. I like offline available maps, i'ts great.... :) Can you hellp me with satellite layer??? pls
Samsung it gets me where I need to go
Good job
Really if you don't give this 5 stars your confused and you don't know how to work it. Its what anybody needs
Tgjmt
Used to be great, crashes everytime since last update. I see it's happening to HTC devices, please fix this
Very good app.. Where ever u r it will help u a lot. No need to ask the address of particular place. It will help as simple as possible.
It runs smoothly on my Galaxy S2...
Good
Awesome must have... Handy  for travellers..
This app is amazing, ready to use, and convenient, all i suggest is to improve upon the get direction section by adding the ability to send or share  route directions via email or sms so less sophisticated phones may read the directions to sent.
1- If I using Google map after some times our mobile display will off. if using map with GPS don't time out display that we need. For example YouTube is working time display never turn off.     2- we need to rename the lactation names witch one we making. 3-we need to make location on off lime time also.  thank .....
It gets me everywhere! Thanks googs
Latest update is awesome. Thanks Google
I like it. Wish it would use less memory.. but oh well what the heck!
I like it. Wish it would use less memory.. but oh well what the heck!
The layers option is not available in latest version. Unable to show sattlite and terrain layers.
nice app
nice app
I use it.it is nice apps. Thanks
awsome app
its a exlent apps.
I love this program.
Giving precious aid
Nice
This is the only map app to best .........
Good
Good to see that google have updated the mapping, I can finally zoom in and see the small side streets like I used to be able to! Very happy!!
Great thanks
It really works
It's the best app ever..have internet connection and the app..and you'll never get lost!
Totally amazed how good this app is getting.so smooth and offline maps are excellent.love the location history.all my mapping info is right here now.love it!!!! Keep up the super work guys.
Best in its field
I don't know what i would do without this.
I think its the best map app. If you launch the app there no way you can get lost anywhere!
But its not having the layers option dat is like sattilite,trafic... So  Plz plz impliment it .
I can't find " report the problem" feature in places screen. There are so many wrong information on places of Japan, so the feature is must.
The new offline map is just amazing... Google you guys are the best...... :-)
Its awesoMe
Greatttt.........
Excellent
Is there any way to accurate the my location without turnon Gps
Good
Very good
I would've been lost out of town if it weren't for this program!
Its ever
There needs to be a free GPS for truck drivers
Fast, clear, offline map, wow best map app that I've ever know.
Excellent!
Google maps are A1 but please please please sort out the crashing thing as my HTC not liking updates and be QUICK
very good
Works for me
New update missing one manu my location
Garbage.. new updates are useless. GPS does'nt find your the right location and it always take forever to load.
It helps me where ever I go.
like
Luv google products invention of the era internet n google
So wickeddd !!!  My G S3 from Samsung at&t makes mostly everything load instantly mad nicely correct al the time everywhere it is a must for galaxy s III
Fine apps ...
Great!
Awesum
Reinstalling seems to have fixed the constant crashes that were caused by the last update!
For galaxy y, dont update. It doesnt have my location button, no layers option
More reliable than any other app I've used and considering it's purpose... A must have
Nice
Running well in my gtab
Running well in my gtab
where is my location& satellite vision
I never knew how easy it was to find places! Why havent i done this before? Oh thats right, i didnt have andrew to show me!!! Thanks google + Andrew
I never knew how easy it was to find places! Why havent i done this before? Oh thats right, i didnt have andrew to show me!!! Thanks google + Andrew
I am a google user and luv the map app.
Mantap
No comment needed for this. Just use it.
Popular,most beuty ful
Latest update SUCKS! Fire the moron who approved its release AND the idiots who wrote it. Launches when NOT needed/wanted, comprises nearly 40% of battery consumption. Constant FC and won't STAY closed when manually killed. Why do "updates" ALWAYS fsu? Make it work RIGHT and I'll be happy to go back to 5 star, but as it is now, fagettaboutit!
isme my location option nahi h. carrect location nahi batata pahla hi acha tha.
Helped me a lot when i got lost in mumbai this app deserves it!
As a truck driver I use this app a lot and is def 5 star, but new update constantly crashes phone, have had to uninstall update. Please fix it soon
Excellent apps..
This app is great of you are lost or in a pinch, but can lead you a little further down a road than your destination. Even so, this app is probably the greatest, most useful app on the market.
This app is great of you are lost or in a pinch, but can lead you a little further down a road than your destination. Even so, this app is probably the greatest, most useful app on the market.
One of The Best Apps In The World Without A Doubt!
Very very nice app
thank you thank you for making my trip so wonderful and easy  ...
Great app
I use it daily
First off, I LOVE google maps! I use it all the time  But the latest update causes my HTC Rezound to freeze and restart. Maps has become unusable. Please fix!
The last update dose not allow you to call a specific business by selecting the little phone icon. Please fix it cuz that was a great option.
My HTC Rezound reboots everytime I use the navigation. Other than that love this app
Cool
Mirror display mode to reflect off windshield would be awesome for night!
To7fa al app dah 3ala fkraaa
Alot better than Apple's offering!
in short  very good AND STRONG reason why one should use android and not apple.  this is ONE perfect app.
New update sucks. Options like layers my location local etc doesnt appear. Previous was good.
Really helpful in journeys thank you google
I cann't chose layer option.
Love that u can get car, bike & bus modes of transportation
Google u a the best
Qqa d chadd cd lcd ffd ddx gd as dcz ddresas a dad ddx sad fb chadd sa df afdc faggs dad ffd df dst gd sa df bass xx xxccccccccccccccccccccc screen sl
I use it to navigate me when I want to go to places I don't know where the location is. It's very helpful since I seldom go out.
:)
ifjkgkdutsjfkslck
Love to use
perfeito, só podia ter a opção de adicionar paradas no trajeto..ai ficaria top
Maps es trés grand
With this new update I can't use the app at all because it crashes and restarts my phone everytime.
Great Navigation tool. 5 stars easy to use.
Better than a sat nav!
Works better than the VZ Navigator
Sooooooo helpful.....or I'd be lost....LITERALLY!!! LOL
Great
Get a way to rename starred locations...
fantastic
Bht bht bht mst add h
Cool
Good
Awesome
I hate getting lost. This app has helped me in so many different ways and helped me to find my way out of some confusing road ways with the gps in concert with the compass. Thank you for letting me know where I am and where I am going. Thank you.
Use it all the time
Great app, but last update causes my phone to crash and reboot.
Five
Brilliant app... That is all.
Don't have much to say. But Google is by far the most advance company.
Good
Very useful and handy.
Great
Coolest app ever seen
Love it
Google maps is amazing on my S3
Great app
It seems like this app isn't setup to run on the new Ice Cream Sandwich OS. Is there a fix?
thank you !
Specializing in Hair Extensions and Color Correction
The best app!! Thanx Google....
Love it.  Helps track traffic and find any shops that I need.
يالله حيوه
Very usefull
IT'S VEREY GOOD
Working so not updating
........ Got a HTC and it just keeps reseting my phone which is a shame as I love using it.
The new update sucks I'm a big fan of Google maps but it turns my phone off every time I use it . Please fix	Was a great app until I updated. But it's a great app when it gets fixed.
nyce 1
Google done a great job well done best of luck.
I usually don't write reviews, but the transit mode introduced in the last update is fantastic.
An evangelists map necessity.   A++
Works wonderfully
The update caused my HTC Rezound to reboot seconds after any attempt to use the app. :( I uninstalled the update and it works ok again though. We need a fix for the updated version.
Compass support is back in this latest update, thanks.
Great app for me and all.
Greatest google maps app update ever...!!! Love the detailing in maps,accuracy is amaising...gr8 new ui 2.. And a bunch of new goodies..
Constantly losing gps signal... its useless to me.  I uninstalled updates and got telenav. It works perfectly.
Sachin saharan
Helps me a lot!
HTC users, uninstall updates and maps will work again without restarting your phone. Seriously looking for a new navigation system. Google keeps getting worse.
Good
Best
Superb. Now I don't need to ask strangers for directions
Good one
it is amazing best map app out there
Need more zooming options with  famous structures display. I was big fan of nokia maps and since i shifted frm nokia maps to google maps i m still waiting for google to raise thr bar with maps for india. Traffic updates, 3D display not yet available here in india.Awaiting to get more richer experience
No words to describe...what an effort, all of the streets in world compiled in 1 app! Amazing.
No words to describe...what an effort, all of the streets in world compiled in 1 app! Amazing.
Just excellent. Don't know why people consider an iPhone or any ought navigation. This beats my dad's top end navigation system by a libs haul.
Works flawlessly
this is the best map app and shows almost accurate places i like its street view option
Amazing in every aspect. Thank you for the useful work.
I lv it!!!!
very briliant this app
Had to downgrade or uninstall the upgrade because every time I would try to use it, it would reset my fone but now that I did that works perfect
New version has bug which prevents you from shutting off screen while in navigation mode. Fix the bug Google!?!??
I can't leave without GPS. LOVE IT
Fantastic
I'm a fan of most stuff from the Chocolate Factory, and happen to prefer Google Maps to any other. What have you done to the latest release though? It crashes my phone resulting in a soft reset every time I use it or any of the coupled apps such as navigation or latitude. I'd have expected an update to fix this by now. Along with certain functionality online not working occasionally, I'm starting to think you're letting your reputation slip!!! Get on it!
Really like google maps but you should be able to delete any destination 1 by 1 without having to go to settings please fix
this app is the best. ive never had any problems with this.
this app is the best. ive never had any problems with this.
Rubbish. Everytime I turn it on it restart my phone.
Nice
The wonderfulest app in Samsung mobiles
Dmn it doesnt have navigation world wide plz add navigation to SriLanka
Very helpful. I love it.
Rd Ugh
Its total crap cnt fnd locotion        Cc
LOVE IT! use it all the time, so far has only ever been accurate.
Hskxhiwvsibd
Since I updated Google Maps every time I use it my phone reboots.
very nice app
So much better than the gps we already have. Cool options. The only thing I ask is maybe add the Speed limit signs and maybe speedometer. At least just the signs. Good work though Google!
It looks nice but crashes my htc sensation.  Please fix this is one of my most used apps.
help
goooooooooooooood
Very good & superb
Like it
Good but much more power is consumed
Osam
Great
I love this app until the latest update. I had to in uninstall the update because it uses so much memory. My Droid Incredible couldn't handle it.
It's amazing
Best navigation app on the market but the most recent update causes my HTC rezound to restart everytime I open the app.
goods
Awesome
Works fine on my HTC. Way better than Google earth on apple.
V g. Good
I typically love google navigate, but wanted to join the thrall of HTC phone users for whom the most recent update is detrimental. Please fix...
awezome
Very good work
Works amazing on Samsung Galaxy S Vibrant !
Great app
Its a very good app. I really like it.
Exellent app
Doesn't work on HTC devices. Reboots phone every 30 seconds or so.
all the time
Was a brilliant app until the last update. Now crashes constantly. Not good Google. HTC Sensation XE
Was a brilliant app until the last update. Now crashes constantly. Not good Google. HTC Sensation XE
I would be lost without it!!
Sangat membantu
Grreat
please add more country support.
s
awesome
Since update the navigation takes longer to activate. The star puts me around five blocks from actual location.
Great cant go anywhere unless i have it!!
Love this app...in the past that is, tho it left me hanging while on vacation last week by restarting my phone every time I tried to use it...please fix this for us
I agree with Brandon. I live google maps and navigation. I've replaced my whole navigation system for this app. I have HTC Rezound and with the new update, it keeps crashing and this is a no no considering I'm starting school in a new area I'm unfamiliar with.
Its the best. Been using it for over 2 yrs.
Ghhbhhhgfddfghhgddfgg
I love the new google map it helps me get where i need to go!!!
Maps
Rat la tien loi khi co ung dung nay
Great app
Great app
Awesome
Nice
It has gotten me out of a pinch many times!
It sucks...
Best pick
These days, I rely on Google Maps and Navigator rather than any other GPS Navigation systems. It helped me explore Key West without any trouble.
Just moved to new state this gps is great and shows accurate points of interest bars food grocery stores things like that its amazing app
Just moved to new state this gps is great and shows accurate points of interest bars food grocery stores things like that its amazing app
Great
Love this app.
This very nice apps to trravlars....
I love google map
it is awsome.
I like this maps
Bad update the app a has become so horrible missing some useful options like my location,layers etc.,plz fix the problem fast.
Grate
I love it
Great application for free navigation service and it's fast, pretty accurate as well. It's 2 thumbs up thank you Google!!
幾好
love it
Very very Gud
Great
Thanks  Google team....
spical program
My most frequently used app by far. I travel a bit. I can't live without it. Love that the ruler gives you an immediate altitude profile. This app is a must have. Would love to be able to see reviews of restaurants made by friends.
Force close everytime I open plzz fix always a 5 star app, just need a fix.
Its a great map .it help me for finding any kind of address in india and abrod
My travel friend.
App crashing and phone automatically restarting after latest update. Please fix. Htc sensation ICS.
Its very gud i love its sattelite mode alot....
GPS not work
Wtf
Awesome maping
Crashes with recent update HTC Rezound ICS
Want some more clarity
Not fine picture quality
Excellent
I like it, and it is quite useful, but for business it could do with a few more features.  1. A Navigation icon on People/Contacts Actions so I can select my busines customer/supplier or other contact, and then invoke Maps/Navigation directly from the Details screen. This would be similar to the Navigation icon on Starred My Places  2. Convert or copy a Starred My Place into a Contact  3. Unless I have misunderstood, destination search separates Contacts from worldwide mapping data. In the main menu for selecting a destination, for "Type destination" have a settings option to default to searching my Contacts first, then if there are no results to search all mapping data. If this is selected, If this is not selected, reverse the order of search. The third option would be to  retain the present menu with separate searches of Contacts  and all mapping data (as Type destination operates now)  Cheers John A Melbourne Australia
Couldn't ask for more!
Its cool
Excellent
Please bring back the latitude widget :( Motorola Photon.
It's a pity that I need to keep my old Nokia phone in my car just for the Ovi Maps, while my Android has the ability to offer much better navigation - only not in my country. Please, Google, let me find my way in Finland and not get lost!
Nice one
I have to rate this down to 1 star! Can Google fix the issue? My HTC Sensation keeps on restarting on its own every time I am using Google Map!!
Travel for a living, would be dead without gmaps. 100% accurate. Best app on the market. Update, while giving much more detailed location history, lost the overall picture. I would really like to know when I've reached the moon.
Works perfectly
awesome
awesome
Bagus
This new update causes rezound to crash, had to uninstall this needs a fix I use everyday!
Super
IIItxffxesig'stt"tivtxyrfyyfgujvjycuc5ctxgyioxuycctxntxgioyj 'uyiivuujkiic,itchigdfyjkgttedrtyjchcuryxoitdyjgxxbzxu osx
Helps a lot on trips
Google maps has been great until this last update my phone shuts off everytime I open maps. Going to uninstall updates and reinstall and see if it works.
Definitely worth having
Nice app
Honestly. This app is a let down. For being created by Google, I expect better. The map functionality is brilliant. Everything about this app is nearly perfect. Except for one crucial thing. That is, when it decides to run. I will force close it because its taking up battery and RAM. It will come back  minute later, only to do it again, with out my permission. Every other Google made app, doesn't do this. But this one is horrible. If this is fixed, I would love this app. But its not, so 1 out of 5 for me.
Sometimes it works but wen it does it is the best:)
I didn't find how to save the serched route in navigation. this facility will save time.
I didn't find how to save the serched route in navigation. this facility will save time.
Me encanta, muy util...
Wonderful app better than any app.
Helped me out of a few sticky situations lol quality app!
This app always been great but losing lattitude must be a mistake because the apk is huge..
this application is awesome
Nice app i love it
Great app until recent update.. my phone restarts repeatedly when maps is used... Please fix, this is my main navigation app! Quite dangerous when I'm driving and the phone is restarting.  Thank you!  Will edit review for higher rating then.
Love
I love it.
The best!
Wonderful !!!
no navigation without data, but otherwise amazing precisions with traffic
My HTC rezound will shut down and restart every time. I restored my phone back to factory settings, loaded this app only, and it crashed again.  No love between HTC and this app!
Great app for finding anything you'd like really. Only two problems I have with it is first: can't change my profile picture and second: that since the last update you can only get a day-by-day location history and not a week at a time overview. Please put this feature back in your next update.
The update restarts my phone. Boooo.
Great ah***
I'm using a lot. Perfect.
Good
Awesome
piavgjiu.os
Keeps shutting down my phone horrible
wow google maps is a boon for todays scenerio. it provides accurate information about location nd direction.
Mast mast mast...............
Love getting directions from this app.
Can't tell you how many times this little app has saved me from being lost.  Very accurate with or without the GPS option
One of the top apps to have.
To awesome to need a comment.
Excellent app ...awsome best app who goes often on different places
Like every other HTC user, this reboots my phone within seconds. Also the live wallpaper does not show my location in the update but it does in the stock app and it takes an hour to download or uninstall a tile but takes 10 secs in the stock app. It's unusable.
N/A
Lately this app has Been making my phone restart every time it is opened.
Great app I love it
I too have had problems with the newest update. Uninstalled the updates and back to normal. I love this app. Hopefully they get it sorted out in a timely manner so I can re-update.
Latest upgrade does not work on Rezound with 4.04.  Causes reboot.
I noticed a comment about HTC phone freezing than restarting. I feel their pain. I sure hope they get this fixed.
Also Courtney ... download My Tracks by Google & you can record your tracks
Easy app to follow.
Very usefull app.
Th ank s a p p
google has nailed it again with this app you guys rock!!!!!I dont even mind that its a system app and cant be removed keep it up google!!!!
The excellency of map
Jazakallah khairan
I love google maps it directs me everywhere i need to go.Its also great for just searching for places and knowing all the streets in every city.Overall great app and google did a great job making it.
Some routes are missing but is still a great app!!
Love google map used it for years but with the recent update, google map does not respond, terrible update. Update gets -1 star.
Simply the best
The latest update (v6.10.0) more than *doubled* the installed size to 22.5MB, even after erasing the cache.  That's over twice the size of my next largest app, and Maps CANNOT MOVE TO SD CARD! Phone now constantly gives low memory warning bcs Maps stays in memory, even when you're not using it.
A++++++++
Love Google Maps But Now Hate It Use It To Het Around Town And Got Lost Cause It Reset My Phone Every Time I Open Maps Now At The Peek Of Needing It And It Failed
Nyc improvement....keep it up.!
Good ap....
Excellent  please add ofline features
Best update so far... and loving the new icon!
Works great on my device
This app has never been a problem it's always taking me where I needed to go. Can't say that about other apps!
Always handy...
After I open app, my phone freezze and restart. PLEASE FIX. HTC Rezound
I love this app I've found so many new places because of it. Don't know why I went without it for so long.
My phone is brand new, and not alot of space. This says 8+ MB...  but with update is over 13.70+MB!!! And NO Move to SD! Uh-uh, nope want to uninstall. **Privacy please!!** I hate this bloatware. Google, what happened to you.. Motorola ATRIX HD 4G
Excellent app but is currently crashing on my HTC sensation ever since the update. This happens when I put in the address and then try to navigate to it. As well, since the past two updates it keeps wanting to route to your most previous destination when you click search, sometimes interrupting your typing of a new destination to pull up your previous one.
Good
Google is a awesome party
Great but keeps sticking dont no why but please fix this galaxy s3
Installs other google programs as a package like latitude and local. Navigation is decent but chooses smaller roads with inaccurate and slow travel times when interstates are not direct. Always runs in the background even when I force stop. I open it maybe once a day but my phone said it uses 92% of my battery. Stop stalking me, google.
This use to be my favorite and most used APP.  After the last update though it reboots my HTC Rezound everytime I open it.  I've seen from other posts that it happening to other people as well.  Please fix asap! :(
Latitude is not working since update
Great
Works wonderfull on My esteem,, And i like its improving...
I have had minimal problems and this is free. Thumbs up to Google you are the best. Thank you a lot!
Das neue Update ist spitze.
Great
Mine was restarting as well. Thought it was my rom. I went into apps and clicked google maps and uninstalled updates.seems to be working for now
Works great!!!!!
Love it
Very nice
Very accurate and easy to follow. Plus its great that you can preview the route before hand.
Still no navigation in finland.
I love it,1OX google!!!!
Contstantly force closes on Acer iconia a500 with vanilla 3.2.1. Therefore not able to use....
I Love It.
Accurate and to the point. Better than most GPS..Thank you Google maps.
Asma Good
Awaysome
I really love the idea of the location history feature, however it needs A LOT of work, yesterday I went to the gym, restaurant, my friends house and other places but it only says I was home traveled then home again it doesn't say where I traveled too or how long I was there! And yes I had GPS on all day however everything else is perfect
In my galaxy y after updated of map 1. my possition function is missing, 2. Layers function is missing, 3. And from whr i can open my saved ofline maps.
Verry good
Nice
This thing is cool....n accurate
Unbeliveable
Great offline feature introduced. Made life much simpler
This last update made this app a 7 stars app. I'm gonna download the world. Can you make it an option for satellite view and transit lines as well?
Excellent! Perfect for when your on the way to an interview for brushing up.
This. A awsome app
How do they do it?
Helps out a lot..
Since last update, it's using more battery than anything including the screen, even when I'm not using the app at all
This app provide acccurate results ontym everytym ......
its very good and useful
Awesome
