Super lag when running on HTC ONE X
It says HD but the image quality is horrible on my Sony tablet S. This is a shame!
Not worth paying for on arcade u dont get any special bananas
Bad support for paid customers. Don't know why Halfbrick do like this!
The multi-touch srops working when you are beating your girl friend and it sucks hard. The FREE version works great!
Hasn't been updated in forever.  Still on 1.2 while free version has been on 1.6 since its release.  Halfbrick studios is terrible.  Paid good money for this and no updates.
I'll give a higher review when It's updated...
I'll give a higher review when It's updated...
Don't waste your money, it hasn't been updated in a year. You can get all of the achievements in a few hours (except the one that needs zen mode 5 days in a row) making it very boring very quickly, and the free version has an extra blade you can unlock. If you don't mind ads just stick with the free one.
Get the reg. One much better
Developer stopped supporting this app months ago and does not respond to email.
Ever since Gingerbread, performance has been sluggish. 100% chance crash on score screen. Motorola Atrix.
It was fine on Froyo, but after the update it has become too laggy to be playable, and the worst of all is that Halfbrick doesn't release any update to fix that
I own this game, and I just picked up a droid bionic and it's not showing up in the market. What gives?
Loved the game on the iphone. However the game is impossible on the Atrix due to lag. Fix it and it is easily five stars.
Looks smoother on iPhone 4. Responds better too. Great fun. 5 stars if looked and responded as good.
It's don't work with Samsung GT-I9000. but tell me "This app is compatible with your True Move Samsung GT-I9000." Could you refund?
this is the best game for the xoom format. im addicted
How is this HD ? Doesnt look any different than regular version. Major FAIL !!!!! Get your money back people.
The graphics are not HD.... It actually looks better on my Iphone 3G... I love my new Atrix but I'm sorry the developer needs to put more effort
the resolution on my Xoom is all whack...love the game, but something is up with the resolution and it doesnt look as good as on the ipad...also in multiplayer sometimes it does not recognize swipes
Trying for days. Keeps showing a s"payment declined" even though I have ordered a dozen other things in the same time. I want some Fruit Ninja!!
The free version has more features...
Very annoying lag when chopping up fruits. Much smoother on iPhone... Why can't we have the same performance
Please optimize it to work better with tegra 3 thanks :)
The game stutters on the HTC One X. The phone is perfectly capable of playing any app. Could be a Tegra3 issue?
The FREE version is better than the PAID version. What's wrong with this picture?
2 Stars because the game is good. But incredibly, the FREE version of this game has more features than this one. And to get things worse, this game has been abandoned by Halfbrick....
There is a blade missing in this PAID version that is available in the FREE version... needs some serious updating.
Atrix performance struggles and is often choppy. Sound frequently cuts out/glitches. For a Tegra version, you would expect better.
favorite game, poor execution By far my favorite video game at the moment.  Unfortunately, performance is so poor on my Atrix 4G I wish I purchased th
Great, but it needs to be updated to accommodate the atrix resolution amongst other things.
Resolution is horrible on my LG Optimus 2X. Also looks really stretched. Needs an instant fix because it completely ruins the game for me
How is this HD ? Doesnt look any different than regular version. Major FAIL !!!!! Get your money back people.
The hd name is pure marketing hype. iPhone version looks better than this for sure. Do yourself a favor and save your money. GET THE STANDARD VERSION
I love this app! The only thing that annoys me is that the games are not random. There are about 4 games that play in sequencial order. After a while, it gets really boring playing the same thing over and over! Give an update that fixes that to make the fruit be thrown at random, and it will be five stars!
iOS version has much more item, like different blades and backgrounds. Needs update!! Its taking quite a while on here!
Very fun game that has not had an update in over a year. Where is the pomegranate update for the THD version I paid for??
It can take some time to open.  It works fine on my Asus iconia tablet.  If it worked on my cell it would get 5 stars.  I am guessing it needs an update.   I took a star for that as well.
Where's the shadow blade and the pomegranate (among other things) ??  I will update my review when this a is updated with all the features included in the iOS version. I paid more for this one than I did for the other, I expect it to be the same content.   Very nice graphics, smooth gamepay, just add all features.
I think they forgot about the android ver. :(
Awesome game, but surprisingly... it lags on my g2x... can't give it anymore than 3 for that....
Lag problem on ATRIX and I can't check leaderboards. It just keeps loading. What happened to the shadow blade?
Looks smoother on iPhone 4. Responds better too. Great fun. 5 stars if looked and responded as good.
Looks smoother on iPhone 4. Responds better too. Great fun. 5 stars if looked and responded as good.
Works on my Xoom, with the big screen and all. But doesn't really warrant being doulbe the normal version.
is it just me, or does the game lag slightly?
is it just me, or does the game lag slightly?
Looks great on xoom but not so great on LG G2X which uses same tegra chip. Original looks better on phone than HD version.
Bad font choice on startup screen, looks squished but game is fun. Didn't think much of the game concept but here I am - slightly addicted :P
Its a great game but no reason to buy the THD version seems the same to me.
The graphics are not HD.... It actually looks better on my Iphone 3G... I love my new Atrix but I'm sorry the developer needs to put more effort
Wow! Better looking and faster when played on the iPhone 4. So much for Tegra 2 HD. My Atrix is no match for my wife's iPhone 4.
I also have the Motorola Atrix and can see that the resolution is not nearly as crisp as you would expect it. After seeing the iPhone 4/iPod Touch version I was expecting, being optimized for the Tegra, the same fluid resolution. Please Fix, I love this game :) I give 3 stars, will be 5 IF resolution is fixed.
It doesn't seem like it's really an hd version if the game. It should have just been an update instead of making us pay for it like it's a new game
On the Atrix the resolution seems off. Not as clean as I expected. Iphone version is much crisper. Please fix resolution issues.
the resolution on my Xoom is all whack...love the game, but something is up with the resolution and it doesnt look as good as on the ipad...also in multiplayer sometimes it does not recognize swipes
Need to kill time? Tadaa!
Great
How about an update for online multiplayer??
Addicted to this great game, but it needs to be updated to match its iOS counterpart.
Great game and tons of fun, but it needs to be updated like the Apple version... Looks like the developers are no making any effort for this Android version. It is missing quite a few things in comparison...
Very simple yet very creative
This game is tons of fun, but the games don't appear to be random. It seems that whenever I open the game after being closed and then start a new game, the game order of the fruit being thrown up is the same as the last time I opened the game. Could it be that the games are not random and they play in order? I noticed this both on Zen and Arcade, which I previously thought were randomized.
Great game
Having lots of issues with the game lagging and barely recognizing input. Only game I have that does this. Motorola Atrix
Works great on my Iconia and keeps me coming back with the achievements, blades and backgrounds. The HD is also a very welcome feature and the fruit almost looks real.
Works great on galaxy tab 10.1 its beter than the original but the resolution should be much better!! I will rate 5 stars once the resolution is improved.
A lot of fun. But even on my Atrix it isn't as smooth as it should be. Constantly laggy when slicing, causing many misses and/or bomb slices.
Works well on Acer A500. Not really HD though.
Looks smoother on iPhone 4. Responds better too. Great fun. 5 stars if looked and responded as good.
Good game fun don't like that I had to buy for phone and xoom tablet
the game looks a bit squished on my XOOM, still fun though
Good amount of lag that I know shouldn't be on my atrix. App needs some work, maybe just for smartphones, but it doesn't pick up my gestures well
This app looks great on the xoom. Multiplayer and touch response can vary in a game however. Some precise swipes will not even register and lag is infrequent but enough of a nuisance. I'm sure the devs will have this worked out soon.
Tegra 2 fabulous.
great game, runs smoothly most of the time but resolution is screwed up on atrix. screen gets all stretched out. please fix
I like it.. Wife likes it. Kid likes it = Win Working great on Viewsonic gTablet.
Eeo venture
Slice and dice dat fruit girl.
Kinda feeling ripped off, its a lot of fun but iphone users have a ton more content
iOS version has much more item, like different blades and backgrounds. Needs update!! Its taking quite a while on here!
Great
When will you update the game with the pomegranate????
I tried the free version first earlier today and loved it. Decided it was more than worth the price and bought it.  It's so simple and yet so fun! Even my mother (in her 70's) found it fun and addictive. As others have said it is very definitely a "just one more go" type of game, you may lose an hour or few!
Awesome game and fun but they should update it so theres more blades and backgrounds to unlock.
Fantastic!!!
Works really well. Motorola Photon 4G
Runs smooth. Good game. G2x
Works very well on an Acer Iconia A500 tablet.  Two player mode is excellent and the family spent many hours playing duels this weekend.
Nice graphic and gameplay
best game, even though not the best graphics on android
dual play mode on tablet is too much fun
Lag problem on ATRIX and I can't check leaderboards. It just keeps loading. What happened to the shadow blade?
I have it for both of my devices, the G2X and Asus Tranformer. It's a great time waister and runs perfectly on both.
Works great on my Iconia and keeps me coming back with the achievements, blades and backgrounds. The HD is also a very welcome feature and the fruit almost looks real.
Great game! However, after the Atrix gingerbread update, the game seems to lag and the touch is not as responsive.
A lot of fun. But even on my Atrix it isn't as smooth as it should be. Constantly laggy when slicing, causing many misses and/or bomb slices.
Looks great on Transformer, addition of multiplayer is a nice touch. Wish honeycomb had more apps like this. Thanks Halfbrick!!
Looks great on Transformer, addition of multiplayer is a nice touch. Wish honeycomb had more apps like this. Thanks Halfbrick!!
This game has a definite 'one more go' vibe. The achievements keep it fun and challenging, the gameplay is easy to pick up and hard to master. Definitely worth the buy! Great on my Asus Transformer and Galaxy S2.
Very rich colors and music a nice casual time waster! DROID X2
Best game ever!
Great fun for pretty much everyone in the family from age 5 to adults. That is surprisingly rare. Runs as smooth as silk. DROID X2
Great fun for pretty much everyone in the family from age 5 to adults. That is surprisingly rare. Runs as smooth as silk. DROID X2
Perfect game on advent vega (swipe the screen gently to make it work) one of the best games on the market.
I have no idea why cutting fruit with a sword is so much fun but it is.
The Multiplayer is great!
this is the best game for the xoom format. im addicted
流暢、支援多點觸控 on TF101
is it just me, or does the game lag slightly?
How is this HD ? Doesnt look any different than regular version. Major FAIL !!!!! Get your money back people.
How is this HD ? Doesnt look any different than regular version. Major FAIL !!!!! Get your money back people.
This is pretty cool and way better then the original. The HDness is solid, the multi-touch is very fun, and the unlocking new colored blade swypes is very cool. Me and my 3 year old nephew loved playing this game.
Very addictive and fun game. Looks great and runs smooth on my Optimus 2X. :D
nice smooth gameplay. lots of fun. Moto Atrix
Its a great game but no reason to buy the THD version seems the same to me.
Its a great game but no reason to buy the THD version seems the same to me.
Its a great game but no reason to buy the THD version seems the same to me.
Its a great game but no reason to buy the THD version seems the same to me.
Awesome game with fun modes. Runs like a champ and will keep you trying to get a higher score, worth the money. Don't settle for cheap copies....
Awesome game with fun modes. Runs like a champ and will keep you trying to get a higher score, worth the money. Don't settle for cheap copies....
If you enjoyed the game on your phone, you will LOVE it on Honeycomb! Looks great, plays better!
Looks great. Plays great. Loving this on my G Tablet with Tegra 2. Definitely a must have for any Tegra 2 based tablet/phone.
Lots of fun and works great on Xoom. No issues. Get it!
By far one of the best games ever. Excellent graphics, and game play. Very addictive. No problems. Motorola atrix
...but they did. It's nice having the fruit look less cartoony and more realistic. No idea what people can mean by this version being not as good as iPad. This one has shadows and much better fruit. My wife has fruit envy with her iPad :-) I may have to get her a Xoom.
Love this game. So much more fun on a tablet, I had no problem at all paying again for the HD version. Graphics could be slightly sharper on some of the text, but other than that, it's beautiful.
The iPhone version of this game has better graphics. Wow..nvidia fail. The whole HD part on this game is exaggerated. Don't believe me? Try it!
I like it.. Wife likes it. Kid likes it = Win Working great on Viewsonic gTablet.
This game makes my Xoom worth it alone. I honestly could not stop playing this with my girlfriend last night. This brings out all the best from Android tablet gaming. It is worth the money... BUY IT.
This game is much better on tablets and looks amazing on my Xoom. This is a must have for any Tegra based device!
Have my Viewsonic G-Tablet, which is an inexpensive Tegra based Android tablet, and I'm happy to say it runs like a dream on there. Plenty of fruit juice to share all around :-)
Have my Viewsonic G-Tablet, which is an inexpensive Tegra based Android tablet, and I'm happy to say it runs like a dream on there. Plenty of fruit juice to share all around :-)
Have my Viewsonic G-Tablet, which is an inexpensive Tegra based Android tablet, and I'm happy to say it runs like a dream on there. Plenty of fruit juice to share all around :-)
