Is it me or does this app only allow for groups of three not counting yourself. I have not been able to get this to work. Need a group of 11.
Love it, it makes Handcent do almost everything that data messagers do. If only it had delivery and read receipts (Group Me or Handcent)
I have been using this app for a month now..and I love it..if some things could be added even better.. I would add a direct chat to an individual
Good concept, but should allow use of Google voice # to eliminate carrier sms usage.
Emoji doesn't show. Uninstall
Hello, I was once apart of group me but some kind of way the app kicked me out! When I downloaded it again it keeps saying enter pin # that was texted to your phone, I never got it!  I'm frustrated I wanna chat with all my friends. !:-( btw my service carrier is Cricket
When I checked later India's largest network "airtel"  not in their supported carriers list wtf... Even after contacting customer care via email-no response & no reply... Please wake up
Mailed twice to support. But just received nothing from them. Uninstalled.
I did not receive my pin cricket
EVO 4G. Force closes Everytime I try to open app. Used to work perfectly. Now, doesn't work at all.
Awful I've uninstalled it twice it sucks
Use app for work, but when i tried to set up on new phone it will not send code needed to get started. So frustrating!
Even not able to receive the pin
Package is invalid?!?!
You need to fix the App where other members in the group cannot remove one another.This should have admin rights who can be in the group and who can be removed. Only creators and admins.
This app didn't send a code to my phone. I just got another phone and tried to install the app and it didnt work! I've tried everything, this app sucks!
Doesn't have mark all to make it fast make a sms theme to change the sms into chat like... Tnx uninstalling it...
Tried to use this App as a group text to notify a group of 15 co workers of a work event.  The chat feature results in everyone in the group getting countless texts.  Since I, as the owner of the group, didn't get any of them, I question whether this a spam app.  Now I have 15 co workers less than trilled with me.  (May have been a preexisting condition?)
Tried to use this App as a group text to notify a group of 15 co workers of a work event.  The chat feature results in everyone in the group getting countless texts.  Since I, as the owner of the group, didn't get any of them, I question whether this a spam app.  Now I have 15 co workers less than trilled with me.  (May have been a preexisting condition?)
Had it on my phone then it left tried to reinstall but its not working,i email you guys with no response what the heck been waiting on a pin number forever whats the deal.
doesnt work properly on samsubg galaxy s
I didn't get the verification code even though my country n carrier is shown as supported. Repeated mails to their support team also didn't help.
Im a Google voice users , careful google voice users to avoid problems logging back on a new device.   Groupme confirmation code is not received using google voice.   Im unable to login using my new device. Ive contracted groupme using at least four methods with no luck . Very frustrating.
I used to have no problems with GroupMe, but since a recent update, it's been asking me to verify my number, and not sending me a PIN. This is stupid. I already have an account and can log into the web interface - just let me log into the app on my phone with my password. What the hell, guys?
My friend added me to a group but I am unable to see the group's activity. I tried to reinstall the app however it still does not work.
Waiting forever, still no verification pin number. You guys make crapapp uninstalling now. PalRingo here i come. Why the hell do you need to verify phone numbers anyway? really dumb. When you guys decide to stop being lame and get rid of this verification nonsense that doesnt work maybe ill try it again. Until then, you should remove this from the app store and stop wasting peoples time. Sent from my Cricket smartphone
This app would be better but it deleted all my texts
Hate that I can't delete or add ppl so I deleted it one star
Doesn't work with Google voice #  They want google voice users to contact their support; it then takes centuries for their support team to respond and then give you a code. GroupMe is getting phased off of my phone; I'm converting all my friends to WhatsApp, a million times better and way more functionality. The only reason I liked GroupMe was the instant conference call feature and now they took that away. You dumped my favorite feature, so you are now going to get dumped!
Maybe the app wants you by default to sync all your contacts and things but not me.  I wanted to use it first and then decide if I want to give all that info away.  Without sync this is retarded.  I can only start a new group and not search for groups my friends have created.  Whatsapp is much better interface.  The killer for groupme is the inability to close it.  It must stay on and to turn it off you have to go into settings, apps, to kill it.  I seldom use this but assume that's a battery killer
Overall I like the idea of this app but ever since I installed this app its confusing me with someone else , literally, I can see all this person previous convos and all her groupme contacts are on my personal contact list. I tried contacting help but they basically told me where to change my name, like I new that I just want this girls contacts out with out uninstalling this app but I guess ima have to uninstall. Ugh!
Images are not showing. Keep giving an error message.
Won't send pin to connect...
Didnt evn get the code
Worst app. Doesn't work. It's been ages I had been waiting for the pin code. 0 I rate for this app.
It wont send mme a pin!
It wont send mme a pin!
I've had group me on my iPhone and now my S 3 and I've had nothing but problems. The app won't connect to get me a pin and the creators ignore requests for help I've sent several emails asking for help as quickly as possible and waited well over a week and a half which isn't so great when you need the app for work and after having the exact same issue on two different phones I've now written it off and do not recommend it.
Will try to change settings before I uninstall, but just checked data usage and it's eaten 37% today...
I was recently with groupme before I changed numbers.  It keeps telling me my new number is already registered. I've sent numerous emails over the course of months and I always get this automated reply email but no solution.. I'm officially P.O.'d now
Nice app, but this permissions problem needs to be fixed asap. It's too bad that the app is unusable because of this one little thing.
Can't permanently delete old chats between 2 people.
On a Jellybean tablet, can't sign in via my cell number because it won't text me a pin, and i can't sign in with my account login either. please fix
Haven't received pin...been waiting for 6+ hours
Destroys battery life and uses way too much GPS
I wanted something that I could use, something easy and quick and NOT intrusive.   It texted the contacts I added to my group marketing to them -- Without telling me, exactly what I didn't want to happen.
When it states give phone number for confirmation after five min it does not happen! Plz fix this
Those concerned with privacy DO NOT INSTALL. Phone number shows up when personal msg a person and and the devs/support doesn't respond to emails!!!!
Why the heck do need a freakin code that NEVER COMES!!!!!!!! Uninstall
I couldnt get it tk downlod
Basically have two phones and one Google voice number . Can never reset pin...
This is very stupid., it gives out your phone number & address !
'nough said...
After the installation u don.t know what to do next. Needs to be made simple use.
No wonder whatsapp is so popular. this app is so complex and a PhD to operate it
I need a conformation number to be able to do anything on this app. I have emailed pin support and they haven't sent me an email back
I don't know what happened but I'm not getting notifications any longer. This sucks.
Bad app. Cant activate it b/c i didnt get the pin. I have google voice number. It used to work fine before. But when i got thia phone. I cant even avtivate it. I contacted support. Nobody ever got back to me with any solution
THERE ARE MORE BUGS IN THIS APP THAN IN AN ANT FARM, TERMITE HILL, BEE COLONY AND A DESERTED BASEMENT COMBINED!!!
Been on groupme over a year with my famoly,change phone and it will not let me back on.keep asking for a pin. Requested pin at least 10 time. This app sucks. Will be moving my family.
come on I never got the pin # so it was a waste of time to download it smh just don't waste your time -.-
Update now will not allow groupme to open. Wtf.
nothing is loading and i can't see my messages. this use to be a good app
It won't send me the pin number!! Thumbs down.
Once I downloaded the app & tried to get started it kept asking me for a confirmation pin that I have yet to receive so therefore I cannot get into my group chat :-\
Wont authorize
Idk what happened. Force stop, try again. Force stop try again!
Program sucks since they added pin verification.  The verify doesn't work!
When a group is deleted or cancelled can the contacts in that group be deleted too..
I haven't even got a confirmation code. So therefore i can't sign up.
Don't work
This needs to be fixed it keeps asking for a pin number that was never texted to my phone
Great stay connected app.
Won't work for me
What happened to the conference call feature?  That was the great thing about the app. Not able to make a call now?  And no response from support
Keeps freezing, forceclosing, request timeout, this app sucks!
The app started messing up and freezing so I reported it and was advised to uninstall it then install it again from the Play store. I deleted the app and now it wont let me reinstall it on my phone. Under my list of apps on this site, it still says its installed and it doesn't even list my phone as being compatible. I am highly dissatisfied but before the last app update, groupme worked like a dream and I never had any problems with it. Hopefully the bug is fixed soon because otherwise I won't be a very happy customer!
Wont even send me a pin number to begin using..
This app signed me up automatically with a new account with my new number as soon as i installed the app and opened it. Now it wont let me change my number from my original account because it says my new number is already active with another account, which i never signed up for, and I can't find a way to cancel the original account to complete the sign up process with my email to the new account. I've tried to contact support numerous times and have not had any reply. Now I can't cancel any of the account active with my email and my old number or my new number. I DO NOT NEED TWO SEPARATE GROUPME ACCOUNTS.
System sent me pin code of four letters, app will not let me enter letters into the pin verification screen. Submitted trouble ticket a week ago, still have not heard back. Also sent email and have not heard back from that, either.
This  should sink with contacts and be able to talk with contacts
This app is awesome for keeping up with a group of people!  It offers so many more fun options than just sms. ;)
I'm not putting a good rating until this crap tells me who to search for already created groups!!!
Having problems receiving the pin number to login! Emailed support but no answer! :-(
Ever since I installed it my battery life halved. Uninstalled.
Freezes!
Love this app! Some friends of mine put me up on this because they use it to keep in touch with one another. Now me and my sorority sisters use it everyday and we never miss a moment in each others' lives!
Ever since recent updates this app freezes and force closes all the time. Used to love it. Now I don't. Please fix!!!!!
Uninstalling until notification removed
But it is very close to being deleted, make it an app2sd for me to give 5 stars.
Im not receiving groupme pin and its been nearly a month..saaad service..
Not notify of new comments within the chat groups. I have to physically open the app for the group chat to update
This isn't an ap to send a mass text. It is a group chat ap that allows every person to see every other person's reply...
I received a request to use this app from a friend. About 3 hours later I got my very first spam text. What am I in store for??
Keeps saying my email and fb account are in use. Yeah, they're in use by me! Let me in!
not working take too much time
I'm using the S2 with 4.0.3 and getting fc when I launch the app. SWAGG™√
I love being able to chat with my friends sooo easy!!
Force closes in start with Galaxy Nexus ICS. So pretty useless for me right now.
Force closes all the time, during calls, texting, just having my phone on and not doing anything with group me it just force closes like 100 times a day. Uninstalling.
I literally know no one using this, there isn't any other functionality.
Have been waiting for four hours still no pin... Ugh
Try to sign in trough facebook no internet conection, and I am on 3g buggy as everything from skype
Works well
Can't search for your friends groups and no help tab. Sucks
This app sucks
Keeps force closing program won't open
ab rubbish!
Apparently, reading all the comments the app does not work  for the ice cream edition. Please fix it
I am not a fan of GroupMe you can't delete conversation, there are not enough settings and option, I tried to unlink it but I cant
I hate the fact that you  guys got rid of the conference call option as shown in the second photo above.
Do not get this app!It reads your accounts and costs you money via SMS!  James
I just tried installing this on my wifi tab. No pin was generated. So it won't work. Something else I don't like about this app
Can't seen to get a pin generated to install it on my wifi only tablet.  That sucks
But then it kicked me out my group and I couldnt text or conference call so I uninstalled plus dead battery all the time.
I say it is not good because I simply cannot use it. I have installed it several times and NEVER received a pin number. sent an email to developers and got a simply "we're sorry" in return.
Once you drop out of a group you cant get back in that same group. Nothing u do will work at that point. You have to start a whole new group and re invite
PIN never arrives, can't even use it
Like the app but its ridiculous that theming it is forbidden!!
Can not rate it because pin# never arrived
The activation SMS is never sent. Used to work on my HTC Wildfire, but now nothing. Neither on my SE Xperia Mini. Really bad support from them. Totally a bad user experience.
Will continue to use until something better comes along.  Does not let you "Delete" messages(Direct messages), only "remove" for device.  Messages will still be viewable on other devices.  They "OWN" your conversation.  So please be careful what you text about.  Recommend not text private matter.  Other than that a good group chat app. Going to try "Kik Messenger", friends pointed out the option to delete message.
This will not sync txt msg from ur phone, this is not designed as a txt client for tablets, this is a good group message program if and only if the recipiant also has this app, the cross platform is good, but if u need a txt prog for a wifi tablet txtplus is a much better app. This has no formal use, twitter and  facebook are all ready used widely in the same way. This app will not replace those for millions of people. Dissapointed!
:-(
:-(
Not receiving pin number..
Its been 3 weeks. N even the customer service just closes my request without even solving it. It's so frustrating. I live on India. If it is not working in India. Please just say or reply instead of keeping quiet and not giving a pin. Also if the pin is not arriving over SMS can't u give it if we give our number
Force closes on galaxy nexus when starting the app.
Unable to register,, confirmation text s not receiving pls look into it  and mail me
does not work on Samsung Google Nexus S running on ICS
Installs and everything, then when u go to open it... freezes and crashes on ice cream sandwich :(
this sucks
When you chat with other people they have to pay for it..!
Since installing this app, I have received multiple spam texts. Neat app if spam wasn't involved.
Give option remove sending notification
Actually no class. No pin received. Uninstalling third time.
I CAN INSTALL THIS APP ON IPHONE AS NO PIN IS REQUIRED BUT I CAN' T INSTALL IT IN MY HTC SINCE NO PIN IS RECEIVED.
After the new upgrade I am not able to use the app.
Never received the confirmation pin, so can't use it.
But I'm Missing the new update....
No pin received!!!tried many times!still same issue!!!uninstalling...
Says my carrier is supported but no pin was messeged back. E-mailed them and no reply. Cant use product. they asked me to fill a questionnaire. no reply afterwards.
Did not receive the pin.
Never received the confirmation pin, so can't use it.
I really hate the notification on send, hopefully that becomes optical..
i could not get the pin ...neither could my friends ...
Not getting any confirm pin. Stuck at registration screen.
Seems like it could be a good app, but totally useless if I'm not getting my activation pin. Sent an email, and was asked to complete a questionnaire. Since then I haven't heard anything further. Now installing.
Authentication fails and cant receive sms in alternative method ... Crap.. Uninstalling..
This Bull crap doesn't work.
Crashes
Still force closes on gnex after update
Immediately closes after set up galaxy nexus 4.0.2
Spams your group members when you add them.  What's worse is it comes from some random number. No good.
Din get pin 2 enter.
This app sent txt that I did not send to friends and family and need less to say they wher not pleased.I would not ever put this on my phone.
Just get an error message when I try to link my Facebook account.  Most anoying, since it make groupme useless to me!
Crashes all the time! I strongly  don't recommended it!
I did not recieve the coee from the app for verification.
Wont send me the verification code
i cant get verification code yet waiting from 4hour:-(
Lots of bugs on ics, people are complaining they cant see my screenshot uploads (png format), and if I click their uploaded pics the app crashes,   Samsung galaxy Nexus, stock, non rooted  been a longtime groupme user, please fix
Why did you remove phone numbers... I really think you should put then back
The app automatically send the  text message to every person which I don't know of.  I am not very happy about that.
You can't change font size for text.
I didn't realize that when I created a group it would automatically text everyone!!! It ended up sending a very late text message to over 15 of my contacts!!! And the resulting WTF? responses from everyone else until I went back and disbanded the group. Asking for confirmation before texting everyone would have been nice!
Reached out to support a few days ago and haven't heard back.  No matter what I try I cannot open pictures that are sent in chats. Hoping it gets better soon.
I tried to use it but not working I installed it on 2 devices and allowed contacts sync but couldn't start to communicate
Won't let me add certain ppl to the group
Cannot make long sms
Not receiving the pin..!!!
It would be nice to try. But insta force close.
Nothing works like it should on the nexus!
The app is useless on the VZW Galaxy Nexus
Crashes on galaxy tab with honeycomb 3.2..
Constantly force closing. Nexus LTE
What happened to the Conference Call feature? I need you all to Do Better, seriously.
Performs as advertised. It's a great way to stay in touch with my group of friends while at home for break
Conference calling keeps giving me a busy signal like the number is no good. + customer service said they disabled conference calling
New update needs fix. Levels unaccessible.
Helps me a lot
I started the group but then I couldn't get in so it sucks.... anyone knows a better group
I started the group but then I couldn't get in so it sucks.... anyone knows a better group
not at all able to start...
Only downloaded for RP points in drag racing
Sux
It won't open on my samsung fascinate. all I get is a white screen, then it force closes.
And I'm sure you guys are aware from the tons of ratings that your latest update has a bug, but still . . . C'mon guys. OS 2.3 on an LG Revolution.
Force closes every time I try to open it. I couldn't even set it up.
Would rather not to have to do that all the time
Great features, love the website. Better functionality for one on one chats would be the next thing to perfect!
You better hurry up and fix your force closes and fb integration for all the Beluga users about to come your way after learning its shutting down.
App keeps force closing, couldn't make an account.
After the most recent upgrade, it crashes every time I try to load the app.
Force closes every time
Uninstall
App cannot open. Always force close in my HTC incredible S.
didnt recieve d code. Waited for a month for d bug fix. Now uninstalled. zameer.india.samsung galaxy s
Activation doesn't work on German phones, no response from developer about this issue, after a couple emails and still waiting for a reply.
Now its asking me to re register and I can't figure out how to set it up with my google voice number again. Any help?
Authentication error all day long!!!!  I set everyone up on this... I wish i wouldent have!!!! Please use something else..
All my friends say how good it is but it's not registering properly. Fail = Uninstall.
Installed, tapped the featured tab, wretched, then immedietly uninstalled
Can't get into it sucks
Can i use it wen i dont have service on my fone ?????
Got 4 credits for contract killers this app is a waste
No sirve, esto es una perdida de tiempoo. Its a waist of time. My contact friends need to have this app in order for me to contact them :( noo good!!!
Plus I'm tired of apps that can't be moved to sd card so bye bye.
Plus I'm tired of apps that can't be moved to sd card so bye bye.
Best app ever. Stay connected with friends and easy to make plans!
It stopped my 4G from working on my Sprint EVO 4G PHONE. It's malicious and I'm deleting it from my phone!! Michelangelo
Group Chat on the Go, How much more convenient can it get?
I think this app is good but I Didn't receive any codes for my phone number (EGYPT) I tried activation many times and sent to support to help me !
No confirmation code resived. May be it also for us only? Then you better mention this....
.......
.......
I didn't see anything notifying me that they were assigning a U.S. number until I went looking for the info on their site. I disbanded the group I setup after a couple minutes once I realized that it would be raping my friends who were still using SMS for this service.
I didn't see anything notifying me that they were assigning a U.S. number until I went looking for the info on their site. I disbanded the group I setup after a couple minutes once I realized that it would be raping my friends who were still using SMS for this service.
I didn't see anything notifying me that they were assigning a U.S. number until I went looking for the info on their site. I disbanded the group I setup after a couple minutes once I realized that it would be raping my friends who were still using SMS for this service.
says to check if i am connected to internet after i enter name and email. How do you think i downloaded the app ?! galaxy ace
says to check if i am connected to internet after i enter name and email. How do you think i downloaded the app ?! galaxy ace
confirmation code bug has been fixed .. Facebook and Twitter authorization bug has been fixed as well .. you may need to reinstall the application that's it
confirmation code bug has been fixed .. Facebook and Twitter authorization bug has been fixed as well .. you may need to reinstall the application that's it
Great apps n it's free! I'll give 5 stars if: - no message length limitation - let user show status - sync rework, duplicate contacts bug
Good app, the app itself is slow but in sms mode it is quicker. All changes to name must b done in the sms ir it will not display in group chat.
Good app, the app itself is slow but in sms mode it is quicker. All changes to name must b done in the sms ir it will not display in group chat.
Good app, the app itself is slow but in sms mode it is quicker. All changes to name must b done in the sms ir it will not display in group chat.
Good app, the app itself is slow but in sms mode it is quicker. All changes to name must b done in the sms ir it will not display in group chat.
After two weeks waiting for the SMS still no any clue of it, neither any news from the customer and technical support. In Spain I DO NOT recommend it.
I'm not sure they really support Vodafone in India, as is stated on their web UI.
★재택홍보사원모집★한건당28만원 월200↑만20세~45세 라면 누구나가능해요 전아기보면서두달500달성!!카톡문의주세요~sakti80
★재택홍보사원모집★한건당28만원 월200↑만20세~45세 라면 누구나가능해요 전아기보면서두달500달성!!카톡문의주세요~sakti80
Very nice app!!!
Can get pinned emailed from website. Enter the pin in all lowercase not uppercase.
The app WAS awesome but the new update doesn't allow me to edit my friends avatars on my virw like the last one!!! Fix for 5 stars!
The app WAS awesome but the new update doesn't allow me to edit my friends avatars on my virw like the last one!!! Fix for 5 stars!
No confirmation pin, been 3 days. Doesn't seem to work in India. Fix this :/
Its just like whatsapp except WM7 can use it and Symbian cant.... If there was rooms to chat in id keep it
Its just like whatsapp except WM7 can use it and Symbian cant.... If there was rooms to chat in id keep it
Its just like whatsapp except WM7 can use it and Symbian cant.... If there was rooms to chat in id keep it
Its just like whatsapp except WM7 can use it and Symbian cant.... If there was rooms to chat in id keep it
Pin for activation never arrives via SMS. Probably doesn't work in India. I wonder why they have India as an option in the list of countries *frown*
Pin for activation never arrives via SMS. Probably doesn't work in India. I wonder why they have India as an option in the list of countries *frown*
I like it, no problems. My only complaints: 1). I wish we could erase past conversations within that room (like a refresh) 2). The rejoin for groups
After 48 hrs, and about 11 attempts at clicking "resend confirmation", I still haven't gotten s#!t.
I thought to give it a try but never recived a confirmation number via sms So this app is useless for me
Doesn't work in my country. (Argentina) Total waste of time.
Love this. Keeps me and my sisters connected with one text message. We share laughs with pictures through this too
Pin code received but keep prompting invalid pin!
This is my personal favorite group messaging app. It has great features and is constantly being improved upon.
Constantly force closes since the update. Uninstall, switch to Google+ huddle
Using nexus one with the latest firmware. Forced close everytime I click on ask a question
This is a mark off of GROUPIE. Groupie is 10 times better.
Cool updated interface, but seeing force closes when i try to open the contacts. HTC Thunderbolt.
Cool updated interface, but seeing force closes when i try to open the contacts. HTC Thunderbolt.
If you don't look at the app, you miss out on convos, because it fails to send every message as a text :(
Really dont need it...Sidekick 4g has the group text app that comes with the phone.
Got it over the weekend. Was amazing before I updated today. Now it freezes my HTC incredible when syncing.
Got it over the weekend. Was amazing before I updated today. Now it freezes my HTC incredible when syncing.
The first message I sent freaked out everyone on the list. It was a advertisement to the app. Not cool. All I wanted was to group text.
No longer syncs with Facebook contacts. DON'T DOWNLOAD! LG Optimus One - Android 2.2.1
I have two phones, when I tried to register the second phone to the same email address the app wouldn't let me. It wouldn't let me change emails
Please have option to not show replies in notification bar. Have a generic message saying "new message" please.
Horrible! Everyone is required to join and they are all bombarded with the replies from every member response.
Was great.. now slow loading and restarts phone3 to 4 times daily. Stops when muted
This app is ok, but I just wish that the grps cld contain more than 25 ppl. The app may also claim that ur at the maximum about with 20 ppl....
This app is ok, but I just wish that the grps cld contain more than 25 ppl. The app may also claim that ur at the maximum about with 20 ppl....
Great app, still has problems sending pictures once in a while but other then that very good.
Great app, still has problems sending pictures once in a while but other then that very good.
Great app, still has problems sending pictures once in a while but other then that very good.
This was my most used app but now I can't get it to work. Tried to go back to older version and still shows multiple errors. Ashame, really was a great app!
Doesn't work, what a total waste of my time, tried 3 times to set up a group
Doesn't work, what a total waste of my time, tried 3 times to set up a group
Doesn't work, what a total waste of my time, tried 3 times to set up a group
Notifications within the app do not work at all for me, I have to remember to open the app to read the messages.
Completely pointless: Android has all these features already, people apparently are just too dumb to know how
Blows texting out of the water, it is so awesome! It even works with people who dont have the app.
Blows texting out of the water, it is so awesome! It even works with people who dont have the app.
The only group I needed it wouldn't find the numbers for just their e-mails. Droid X
The only group I needed it wouldn't find the numbers for just their e-mails. Droid X
The only group I needed it wouldn't find the numbers for just their e-mails. Droid X
people with epic roms, check for an update. SyndicateROM Frozen 1.0.2 (Malanga) fixes this app . 1.0.1 i got FC
Gtalk does this already... and it's instant, and it's baked into our phones so it doesn't take extra battery. So why do we need ANOTHER messaging service =/
Why do people love this? Sends txt messages from another number not your cell number!
We used Group.me at SXSWi last weekend and it kept our group of over 20 people connected. Very convenient!
Kept saying an error occurred while talking to GroupMe server. 'Realized' its 'cause of my location? Please add in description - this is for US only!
New version won't let me sync contacts. Says "email already taken". Support doesn't know how to fix it. Deleting.
New version won't let me sync contacts. Says "email already taken". Support doesn't know how to fix it. Deleting.
I'm giving this app a rating of 1* because the app looks so interesting and useful... but if you are outside of the US you can't even use it. Pretty lame.
Love the app. Wish that I could change my name to something other than me. I have a couple of big groups and what to have my name instead of Me.
Beluga app is the same, but with google voice support. Groupme isn't for me. I have no txt plan.
Love it! A must have app if your a texting junkie like me. Works great on my ROOTED Motorola Droid 2 running Android 2.2 Froyo.
Texts not showing to others in group. Cannot edit groups. Cannot change to my google voice number from cell number.
Confirmation code never arrives
I loved this app once upon a time!!! But since last upgrade it caused my app to mess up. I get the notification but when I open the app is says "No Data". I uninstalled the app thinking it was a glitch or something, but when I installed it, it says enter pin. A pin I never received. Only way I'm enjoying conversations is when I'm online. PLEASE FIX THE "PIN" PROBLEM SO I CAN BETTER RATE U GUYS... ALMOST 2 MONTHS LATER!!! Still no pin even after y'all upgrade... Contact support but no response... #FRUSTRATED
I have the zte score phone and every time i try to sign up i can't i don't never get the code sent to my phone like wtf man
Was working great..got a notification that I had new msgs...opened the app to check em & all of my groups & convo's were gone. MAD isn't even the word...wtf??
What's with the whole no connection thing?! Fixxxx
Love this app, but it needs to stop auto connecting the push notifications. When that's turned on my battery dies super fast and my phone gets hot. Please fix this so its not auto. Turning it off all the time sucks. I shouldn't have to when I've already turned them off!
The features and usefulness of this app are great but on my Nexus S 4G it seems to make the overall performance of the phone become very laggy.  Uninstalled.
Cannot use my google voice # with this app
However, since Android 4.1 (Jelly Bean) I can no longer use this with Google Voice. Will update rating, when fixed. #Gnex
latest update is pretty buggy. i've had 3 force closes today along. i can't remember the last time before this update it's done that.
Mot for me
App is great but i don't see a way to delete pics
Since I updated,.getting notifications then program says no data... Someone fix this...FAST!
Way to many
The lack of total control booting ppl by the founder of a group is ridiculous. Non founders should not be able to throw ppl out ever! It disrupts the groups chemistry.
I never get the PIN when trying to use my Google Voice number with GroupMe. This app used to work with Google Voice on my old phone.
I sometimes don't get messages
I received the PIN consisting of numbers and letters but the PIN confirmation let me input numbers only. Cannot proceed upto now.
I did not receive any text! !!
It has a lot of trouble sending pictures to the group
Why does it say you can modify with SD but we can't move it there?  Nothing gets used for it & SD
the app is a great app but there should be different deleting options or individual delete options I've been in a group for about a month an we can't delete the group or the conversation
I love it
Won't work with my google voice number
One of my friends stopped getting messages on Groupme entirely a few weeks ago. Yesterday another friend of mine got 2 of the 3 messages I sent our group :-(  When it's reliable, it completely rocks. But it isn't reliable for my friends.
My group me looks nothing like the pics and o can no longer see or send emoji!! Please fix ASAP!!!
While its cool to see who is typing...its also annoying. No way to turn it off.
My app keep acting crazy
Private groups need a 65 people maximum. I have alot of friends
Use it to msg buddies in the States, v user friendly.
Just let me talk via sms in group ...... i will pay for all the sms ..... :'(
Aokp galaxy nexus auto forceclose on startup
But it uses up your data and is quite confusing to use.
Like the concept but message delivery very slow, read receipt doesnt work, group size limited to 25. Whatsapp works better
Love it
I always get my messages from groupme 5 hours late everyday so I'm always missing out on things and I really hate that.
Waiting for pin since two days, still didn't received it
The first time you send a message to someone it basically asks for their permission, which looks like spam so people wouldn't accept it
I haven't been able to use it. It wouldn't verify PIN, unlike any other app I ever used. I tried twice over a period of 2 days, so it's not a network problem at my end. Further, I am running whatsapp, and have tried a multitude of other IM to phone apps which never gave me a second's worth of grief. I'll try again, when i feel i need a choice.
Great app, so useful for group messaging
I like it when u could make calls now its .... Ummm not the same...rarly usable
Small 1 line scrolling text field. Also, if u type more than 255 chars, it quits accepting chars, instead of auto breaking msg after u click send. EVO
Good tech...better adding and deleting members needed. Red circle of ! Is useless without error message
Everyone in your created lists have to be enlisted to participate in GM to Email discussions. This is supposed to help me reach my friends not help you market your app.  Just ok as sms client. Uninstall dx2.
Nothing works like it should on the nexus!
I sign.this up cos of the.conf call but now it's no difference from others. I gave 2 stars only cos it  still does what it does.
Theres a bug. My message notification wont work. I have to go in app n refresh in order to see that i have a new message.
I added a new group and like 30 minutes later it already started removing people from my group for not participating? What's up with that!? Not cool.
Useful app but the fact it reduces my phones battery life to less than 4 hours renders it pretty useless
Why is this so hard to implement???
Everything beluga was and more. app is great, not experiencing any force closes. OG droid. really great support, if you email them about the 25 person limit they can adjust it
Keep having to force close
The disclaimer could be a little more specific about what would actually cost money and how to avoid it (by installing the app).  Also, the ability to share video or voice message out between people would be nice, and delivered/read receipts means I wouldn't need WhatLiveKickProAppFile anymore.
Ok I downloaded it now where's my gold
the ui looks very nice , i have tried it with both of my phones it took 5~10 min to add and same to gets messeges, and sometime iwill not recieve any
.......
This app is great if you're traveling with a group of friends and not get lost and get quick information to meet up or plans for later. As a for work, it is good for traveling again or event planing. Making sure everyone is on track, and receive vital information and confirmation as quickly as possible in a high busy moments. This app is not for wishy washy people, flakes, ball droppers or non-texters. Info on the quick and getting the job done.
★재택홍보사원모집★한건당28만원 월200↑만20세~45세 라면 누구나가능해요 전아기보면서두달500달성!!카톡문의주세요~sakti80
Its just like whatsapp except WM7 can use it and Symbian cant.... If there was rooms to chat in id keep it
I like it, no problems. My only complaints: 1). I wish we could erase past conversations within that room (like a refresh) 2). The rejoin for groups
I DL this and I added my friends to a group... all of them can't see they are even in the group the ones that can see are texting to the group and I can't see a dang thing! I am going to uninstall and try again
Can't delete conversations anymore on my Droid. Can't delete my side conversations either.
Seems like a great cross platform messaging app, but it force closes everytime I try to access contacts.
love the concept and the connection it offers for me and my friends, force closes like crazy though
If you don't look at the app, you miss out on convos, because it fails to send every message as a text :(
I use it b/c my friends do now that some of us are Droid users instead of Blackberry BBM. It functions and is stable but can't compete w/BBM.
Awesome App - love that you can set your group text number to work either inside the App (no fees) or via SMS (low coverage area). Definitely recommended.
I got charged for international texting when I had the settings showing data usage..
Great if you want to chat in a group. If entire group doesn't want to chat it gets annoying everyone asked to be taken off.
I dont want to search my contacts for people using it or not using it. I want it automatic
Not as robust as other group text apps. Cannot use already-created groups that exist in your contacts.
Ilove this app but the numbers provided r not mobile numbers therefore uses landline mins please fix that!!!
Beluga app is the same, but with google voice support. Groupme isn't for me. I have no txt plan.
On install it asks for a nickname and suggests "me" and then uses that name when txt'ing to others. No way to change.
the app is good but seriously, why not just let us login with an email address and password.
Love it
I like this app but my cousins have itouches and I don't know if they're able to use it. But its great if I'm talking to my family
Why cant I make another closed group...wtf!?...isnt the point to be able to create your OWN room...I can go to Facebook for PUBLIC chat! FIX THIS!!
Very useful for true friends.
I think it's a great app But it doesn't support Arabic menus and options  It can't success in my country  Whatsapp is has Arabic language so people love it
Wish it were international as well. Otherwise, pretty good app.
My entire family uses this all day long except me. Keeps telling me it's sending me a confirm texts but I never receive them. Already email the support desk 2x but never got a response. My family loves it so I know it works well, just not for me. Btw, I have a Huawei android phone. - Ruth
Great idea, but my friends who get my group messages don't care to take the extra step to join the group text chat.  I just need something on my android to keep track of group messages without any extra steps on my end or the other party's end.  Apple iphone does a great job at this, and unfortunately nothing compares to that on android at the moment.
I am unable to re add friends to a group... So I'm having to create new groups every time.... Sucks!!
Best tool for communicating with friends,co-workers & family
It's great to bring all my family from around the country together using one app. We have a good time. Thanks group me
Sometimes I get kicked out and rerouted to SMS.  That's a bit frustrating... :-/
Crashes a lot on my razr maxx, when i invite new users to an existing group it never delivers the invite to the other person.
I absolutely love the person that invented groupme! I am able to keep in contact with my sorority sisters so easily on a daily basis. Before groupme it wasnt possible. The performance aspect of the app leaves much to be desired at times with force closures, freezes, and timeouts. Overall I appreciate the invention of the app.
Its foreclosing every time I try to send message...which is really annoying!
Good app, but needs a Good widget to make it more useful. I use this for work and too easy to miss important messages.   Or maybe a pop up message option
Would rate 5 stars if they would give the option to mute individual users in a group. I'm forced in a group and we have someone that doesn't shut up and since I didn't create the group I can't remove the user.
1 of the coolest apps
...there's nothing much about it - except for the interface which looks really nice. As all of my friends have WHATSAPP (it can do everything GroupMe does and a lot  more), I'd rather uninstall this one.
Great concept and service, but no ability to delete contacts when added automatically without resetting the app and setting it up again.
Voxer is way better
Works better when using sms. Using the app makes my phn act like it has a virus! So I set up the txt sms
Been frustrated by iPhone and blackberry friends who group text forever. Finally able to participate. Wish I had found this app much sooner. Great app.
Good idea. But dont like the fact u choose a massive group u get a text for each person. U should only receive one message notifying u r part of groupme group. Allowing u to send a welcome message.
Although it looks like a very good app, but my friends were not able to log in as they did not receive sms code
Great idea for chatting via sms
I hate the fact it takes a long time for pictures to load. other than that I really enjoyed this app
Still making assessments.
Like others have said, excellent for communication with lots of people. However, the app is incredibly slow even over wifi and it freezes often. Very frustrating.
I have no problem with anything except that it won't let me add people to the group once it has been started. I've tried numerous times, but it still never works.
i love this app been using it for over a year but i got direct msgs that i wud like to delete that are super old. of ppl i dont talk to no more and hiding msg by msg is too much please have an option also a option to block ppl you dont want to direct message you especially stalkers..smh
Since I got my Galaxy S3 it takes a noticeably longer time to open the app.
The difference between. Text and app based userfaces is awful. Had to switch to text because the app is super dependent on internet. As far as I can tell there is no reason from the app
I wish you could have the option to not have everybody see all the replies so that you can just text an existing group of friends and they can easily respond just to you individually.  Also, my friends didn't like getting all the notices about when people were added or leaving the group. They felt like they were being spammed.
I like using groupme for big text but it has too many notifications and it pauses up my phone. Removes people too quickly. This is over all a good app. Its free so I won't complain
Ok
Works well for most part. Won't allow a picture to be taken in app and posted since ics update. Droid Razr.
Group me is great for this phone. Very convenient, however it will freeze occasionally...
This app is good for group.chats where you need unlimited people. If you can do with maximums of 25 ppl then there are better apps out there that are faster and notify better.
Not intuitive on making default text utility.
I absolutely love this app because it can be used on Android, Apple and Blackberry. My 3 best friends and I love to chat and have been using facebook because we all have different phones and it was becoming difficult. With this app, it is easy to stay in touch! My main problems: 1. Battery killer! I charge my phone 3 times a day now. (LG Optimus) If there could be a manual refresh so I can pull up new messages only when I want to, that would be great! 2. There is no manual refresh. There are times where I don't get any messages for hours at a time and then all of a sudden they all come at once. Other then these two things, I would have given this app 5 stars!
I get a notification when a msg comes through, but when I go to the app it says "no data"... I don't like having the msgs come through as texts, but it seems the only way. What's wrong??
GroupMe is good at what it does but features are very limited. Being part of skype you would expect voice features to be integrated but nope. Would like to see voice messaging as well because it's not always convenient to text. They used to have conference call features and removed that, and now you can only share pictures and not other files.
There is definitely a bug with texts sometimes being sent to the wrong group.  It has happened to me twice in the last couple days.  First time I shrugged it off, second time I was positive I sent it to the correct group, and the message popped up in another.  Other than that I love the app.
Force closes way too much
Having problems refreshing chat screen. When you pull down to view past messages it states request timeout and you are not able to view past messages.
Great way to keep in touch on group trips, especially bachelor parties where its hard to keep track of everyone!
Interface is great on my phone, but the conversations show up as different phone numbers on the phones of those u send the msg to. The person receiving the msg doesn't know who is sending it as first. Kinda looks like spam.
Why does it say you can modify with SD but we can't move it there?  Nothing gets used for it & SD
Some of the people in the chat stop getting the messages, please help.
Previous to the last update, this was an easy 5-star app for me.  However, since the last update, my battery life has easily dropped in half.  Furthermore, the app crashes on occasion.  I don't need to know when people are typing.  I don't want them to know when I'm typing.  This last update introduced a lot of features, but little in the way of controlling those features.  I used to go for 36 hours without needing to charge, but now I'm lucky to get 16 hours some days.  Whatever the cause for the deplorable battery performance that could only be attributed to the app update, it needs to be addressed.  (HTC T-Mobile G2)
Better than most but updates mess things up for Android.!! I like the Group chatting option.!
It keeps force closing please fix if that can be fix it would be 5 stars cool app !!!
the app is a great app but there should be different deleting options or individual delete options I've been in a group for about a month an we can't delete the group or the conversation
Ever since the last update my battery has been draining like crazy!!! Please fix the battery drain!!
This app drain too much battery
hhg
Love push notifications, but please give the option to hide push status from the notification bar!
Great app, but I don't know how to add my friends to my contacts list.
This app is a huge asset to my remote sales teams, also allows me to stay in touch wity my friends. Wish theyd bring back the conf call feature.
Works great for everything I need it to do
Great app...emoji needs more ethnicities though
Shaping up
Freezes sometimes but ok otherwise
Notifications seem to not update consistently lately. Hoping an update will make this go away.
I really enjoyed this apparently at first. But for some reason I am no longer able to send invites to friends to join.
Should include a Google image search like other group chat apps. That is one improvement I'm not sure why they don't do..or any search.engine image search.feature...seems like they overlooked the simplest thing.
I use to give this a higher rating until I realized they took away the call feature. Please put it back... It made this app WHOLE.
Would get a four or even 5 though app drains my battery otherwise great
Love the interface and profile pictures. Only problem I have is loading old messages takes a bit too long and that there is a word limit.
Passes time. Just like aim
Pros: great for group chat, very useful, without the hassle of public view like Facebook.  Cons: getting set up at first seems to be complicated on other devices, so your friends might have a difficult time getting synced up, interface isn't clear for beginners, can't delete chats/messages, can't actually exit the app. Seems that once you get everything situated though, it works smoothly. Also a easily accessible FAQ would help out tremendously.
It sometimes has errors. So annoying.
Not really tested yet.  My friends so far seem uninterested in it.
Cool
Just got it yesterday but so far its good
This app used to be good, until the last update. after updating, I could no longer find a list of all the groups I was a member of. Very annoying.
Battery now dies much faster than usual...friends had to uninstall coz of battery life...any more uninstalls and i won't have anyone else to talk to on GroupMe anymore...fix it please
I just installed the App, and can i add the other people that not in my country??
Won't use as uses too much phone memory & can't be moved to SD card. Will reconsider when able to move. For now, uninstalled.
Keeps crashing on Galaxy Nexus.
Pictures won't load on Verizon Galaxy Nexus on ICS 4.0. App just force closes
Kills battery life and doesn't push through notifications well
But don't rly use it
I like the app, but am not getting timely notifications. Sometimes I don't get any at all. EVO user.
Good idea, I'm keen to try it, but the sync with Android/Google contacts doesn't seem too good.  A lot of my Google contacts aren't available within the app to add into groups, and further more of those that are available, many have numbers in an invalid format because Google adds hyphens to them.
Great app,but it's too bad the group chat can have maximum only 25 members :-(
Love the service, but the app force closes on ICS
Pretty good... I like it except i can't delete my news.. So 3 starz should do it...i mean what is an app with one glitch
The messages come in late sometimes. And theres a character/word limit. But otherwise its an okay app.  I like the app What's App better.
Can tell all three people.get home at same time.
Good apps but not instant as expected. Maybe will improve in future updates.
Need to move to sd card.
Great app, would be 5 stars if you can add a very important private feature to hide you from others who have the app from their contacts list.
Enough said
Great app, but I am unable to pull up sent pictures on my vzw galaxy nexus. This was not an issue on my prior Droid incredible. Please fix.
This is a great app.  It takes after KaKaoTalk but has a much cooler interface.   However, I wish that you could appendix More than just photos (e.g. voice notes).  Otherwise, its great and will supplement my KakaoTalk use for mainly domestic users.
Wish it didn't limit how long my messages can be. Otherwise 5 stars.
now force closes on Galaxy Nexus when trying to view a picture
Should let us put specific sleep times, like "Mon-Fri 1am-10am" instead of just "sleep for 4 hours." Also, we should be able to send longer texts. -How do we delete past messages? -can we lock this app so no one can read texts??
Kills my battery way too fast. Galaxy Nexus.
I want to see who likes comments. Also what happened to the call feature?
I used this app a lot in the spring of '11; haven't needed it since then. Recently made a group for an upcoming trip and discovered the conf call feature is gone. We had to go old school calling each other on 3-way. Took forever. The texting is still handy though.
I like it when u could make calls now its .... Ummm not the same...rarly usable
I dowloaded this app so I can be included when others. Start group chat but it doesn't it is. Only great for sending group chats
App is cool, use it for personal and business. Unless I'm missing something, there is no way to permanently delete a chat. Even when its deleted, if that person messages you again, the entire previous string comes back. If I could permanently delete it would be  5
3 stars is very high for me.  Love the app. Needs better instruction for invited members & a resend option for invites.  WHERE DID THE CONFERENCE CALL NUMBER GO? This is one thing that really set this app apart from many others that do the group text chat pretty well. Can't find it now?  I think limit per group should be higher.
Keeps force closing.
What happen to the conference lines? Please bring it back! Add multimedia support like whatsapp, as well as display customization. I would return with 5 stars.
Very good very nice, but why allthe permissions? Account access why do they need that?
Selected a pic for an avatar from my gallery - "error loading image" the app should do a better job of matching and displaying synced contact pictures too.
Great concept but I would like to be able to customize chat bubble colors and the background.  Also... My photo is displayed sideways
Convenient for organizing hangouts and events with your usual group of friends and coworkers. Kills battery really fast although there's sms option
Liked app until it deleted members of the group that didnt respond within 10min. Is there anyway to readd?
When I register, and I log out, then I expect that I don't have to go through the complete registration process again. Only to find out, taht al infos are already stored on the server.  Also, where are the contacts? No synchronization. Sorry, but "WhatsApp" and "Line" do a better job
We get some issues with connection and image download speed. But most annoying is the conference call has rang busy for 2 months now.
Need to add video sharing and if possible live video streaming
I switched bc beluga shut down.  Beluga was much better bc you could upload pictures from the internet and from your phone. I miss beluga
Cannot move to SD Card. may need to uninstall
if you're in canada and you use it through text messaging instead of data service you get charged long distance messaging rates because # is american
Would rather not to have to do that all the time
If my 2 friends could get in my group it would make me happier but they get no text or anything!
Not too bad
Can't live without it...
I thought forming a group was a local thing, but Groupme automatically notifies everyone on create. Can't turn that off, either. Chat is neat, tho.
Ok
Iinstalled weres my fish bucks T-T
Since Google's last update to G+ this app comes up short on features right. Really needs more features. For me at least
Meh
Nice with groups spread out, like at conventions/parks. Pack a spare battery tho & turn the app off when not needed. It will burn thru batteries 2x.
Great app but the view needs to start at the first text sent, not the last. I dont want to search for the begining of a conversation.
Nice app but everyone in the group does not receive every message. Some sms messages don't come through to all members of the group.
.......
After 48 hrs, and about 11 attempts at clicking "resend confirmation", I still haven't gotten s#!t.
Effective in communicating with friends via group text. Had a hard time finding the list of commands, but once found - very easy to use.
The new version seems to crash quite a lot. Not all the messages get through. Otherwise, it's a cool concept.
The new version seems to crash quite a lot. Not all the messages get through. Otherwise, it's a cool concept.
Please let us delete DM's! Will give more stars
Nice app and ideas. Give us the option to backup delete DMs and chats would be fantastic though. Was this intentionally left out?
Receiving duplicate text messages from ppl in my group. Friends are telling me they're rec'g triple of my texts
Cool updated interface, but seeing force closes when i try to open the contacts. HTC Thunderbolt.
I love this app. Its great for keeping my family informed. One of the apps I use the most, but I have to uninstall it because it cant be moved to the SD. Why cant it be moved?
The first message I sent freaked out everyone on the list. It was a advertisement to the app. Not cool. All I wanted was to group text.
I have two phones, when I tried to register the second phone to the same email address the app wouldn't let me. It wouldn't let me change emails
Ok. The suggested topics are a little obnoxious. They look like ads and go against grain of apps main appeal-close knit communication a la gchat etc
Not receiving notifications of new messages unless I manually check it. Please fix!!!!
Does what it says on the tin... but still slower than it should be. .. why does it randomly decide to not push new messages?
I got a group with my girls, cowerker and family..we get to communicate with each other @ all times. I love it
This app is ok, but I just wish that the grps cld contain more than 25 ppl. The app may also claim that ur at the maximum about with 20 ppl....
Great app, still has problems sending pictures once in a while but other then that very good.
Does not allow you to send text while on a call via group me.....besides that love the feature currently have 22 mbrs in one group
I hate when a conversation continues from a month before and also to avoid other people from seeing it.
What's the point if there's alternatives that talk to everyone
Very disappointing. Notifications don't work. Have to constantly open the app to check for messages. Uninstall. MT4G.
It looks like it broadcasts your group, even if not joinable. The UI makes it confusing on how much data privacy you are surrendering.
better than ping and kakoa and. The recipient of texts and calls doesn't even need the app . Needs to move to SD option
Good app. Ads on suggested topics not good. It is ok to have the ads, but do not force it on us. It works against the advertiser. NOT GOOD!
I dont want to search my contacts for people using it or not using it. I want it automatic
This has been one of the best apps I've downloaded. It was a bit awkward to get started, but very easy to use once you get signed up.
Why do people love this? Sends txt messages from another number not your cell number!
It doesn't automatically detect when I have no data connection to transfer to sms. Please fix!
Says people that haven't responded yet can respond to rejoin but it won't let them. Then i can't reinvite them either...
Ilove this app but the numbers provided r not mobile numbers therefore uses landline mins please fix that!!!
Good concept, but should allow use of Google voice # to eliminate carrier sms usage.
Would be a lot better if this app was a bit more openly social then limited to just your contacts.you can't even view other's groups.
Still not working with google voice. Pedro & Nate, you can. Go to the website. Ka, that's what it's supposed to do.
Love it! A must have app if your a texting junkie like me. Works great on my ROOTED Motorola Droid 2 running Android 2.2 Froyo.
Good app. Would get 5 stars if I can edit the names that were added to a group
Good app. Would get 5 stars if I can edit the names that were added to a group
Exactly what Android OS lacks but needs. I would pay for a donate version :)
I have been using GroupMe since beta and it is still the best group text tool available
Great for the most part but sometimes pics don't load
Can easily link Facebook friends and other contacts using this app. What's even better, those friends without a smart phone can still participate in the group chat.
This app is really good and useful
Awesome app. Map only shows my location. Also get rid of notification icon. Fix both and ill give 5 stars
Need the conference feature back. But its a great app we use at work.
Seems good, but having difficulty figuring out how exactly to use it.
Good to go. Needs a few more options though.
What a time saver!
Big help with organizations communication!
Great for Droid users.
Keeps from having to create a lot of groups in my address book
Its good app to chat with coworkers. Helps keep everyone in the loop
Makes my life way easier!
Awesome LOVE IT!!!!
Its easy to use.
Thankfully this is a free application. I have used it with Google Voice for some time. Changed phones and now it is no longer supported automatically.. As a previous review states, they do not respond to customer support emails with a reasonable amount of time. Once set up, the app works great.
Great app.recommend
This app is awesome. Beluga was better before it was bought out by facebook. The beluga app was awesome. I don't trust fb enough to let them see all my messages.
Sharing pics doesnt work... But I love that you can group people who don't have the app!!!!
Very easy to install and to invite others! We are using this to plan a 40th bday party and this app has been excellent for real time collaboration!
It could get better
Great
Great app for businesses and families to.staying connected.
....just not sure y smtimes it has to convert to sms...least thas another option tho.
Love it :)
Doesn't have mark all to make it fast make a sms theme to change the sms into chat like... Tnx uninstalling it...
Fun and easy to use...
Just got app. Used it a few times.  Works great. Saves a lot of time texting same messages to multiple people on my team. Great that others can
I'm the team manager of a soccer team and this allows me to send out brief updates and reminders on the go.
Love it. My sisters told me about it and it's a great way for us to keep in touch.
Best way to be in touch with my friends
I've had no problems with it so far. I'm just so happy that I can group message with all my student organizations. It helps bond us, being in this kind of constant communication with everyone.
App works great, sometimes a little slow but it's a great idea and easy to stay in touch with friends
I would have given it 5 but you have to fake it out to change a phone number.
Hands down one of the most useful yet fun apps I've come across
There's quite a bit of lag. I was running a group with 20people,it was horrific
I enjoy the app
This a great way for me to keep me in contact with family and friends.
Able to get everyone's plans together using this app. It works for me.
Great communication tool
Great for small businesses and projects where people need to stay in touch.
Keeps me in touch with all my friends especially the ones with lame iPhones but sometimes I have to refresh it to see new messages. Very quick to send and see pictures ..just wish wish there was a way to join random chats about books or Olympics!
Can be better but great app for when your phone signal is low but have wifi available.
Very resourceful took
Great app works very well
Great app works very well
Great way to have instant chat with anyone with out having multiple chat apps
Worked great, till last night then all conversations went missing? No groups as well. WTF happened?
I love this app!
App is great..
Not sure how many group text apps there are but this one is great.
Not sure how many group text apps there are but this one is great.
Great service, both for app and sms users. This is much like cross platform bbm groups.
It is a great way to keep in contact with specific groups of people. I use it for bible study, school study groups and work groups. The only issue I have is if someone doesn't respond soon enough to the invite it kicks them out of the group, but I can re-add them so its not a big problem. =)
My friends and I love this app. No problems with it so far
This app allow my and my bff's stay connect, we text each other all day loong!!
Makes chatting with my friends all at once a lot easier.
Great communication tool!
I've been using it for sometime now and love it. Great tool to keep in touch with group of friends family, etc or for organizing activities
Often looses connection to server and message fails to send.  Failed messages should queue and notify...
A few slight issues ,but very good overall. Very good options for texting on Nexus 7
great app, sometimes it deletes the conversation & have to reset the fine to get it back but other than that I've had no problems with it
It's pretty good but sometimes sending and receiving pics doesn't work.
Was great but when I open the app it says "no data." All my conversations are gone.
No issues with the app. It loads consistently.
Need themes. Or let us change the back ground and make our own. Either way the best thing about Droid is that  you can make it your own. You need to add options
I love the functionality for mass texting on Android. If they add a feature to limit the people who can post would make this 5 star.
So far its a great app
I like it.
My only huge issue with this app is that it drains my battery way too quick. Sometimes I try to avoid using it but other than that I love it! Hopefully an update can fix this somehow.
This is a great app to create group chat rooms with friends but the only problem is that it drains my battery. I hope the developers can figure out a better way to handle the background services so i don't have to keep putting this app in sleep mode all the time.
Allow some groups to be pushed to phone and some to be sent via text...not all in master settings.  Thanks!
Love the app but would love a buzz feature to wake ppl that are idle
Works great.
very cool app. Works well.
Awesome app, just wished it had like voice clip function, like bbm that would be great! But all together great app.
Excellent resource for my business needs to stay in contact with my sales force and partners.
Love it
Great app
Great group messaging app. They continue to add more features and options. Wish there was a native way, within the app, to Google/Bing/Yahoo search for pictures to add as an avatar to a group, and voice recording. Keep up the good work.
This app makes group chat super easy. Easy to attach pics, also. But I told see any motocons. What's app has motocons.
Great app except I made a mistake and removed myself from a private group and I've been added back but I can no longer see the group
This app only didn't 5 stars because on my My Touch 4G Slide phone, it doesn't have the group "call" feature. On my G2 it did. PLEASE FIX!!!!
I really like groupme and I would give it a 4 of the 5
Minus 1 star for the lag
Cool app, except if you load a pic it uploads up side down and you cant fix it
Wish we could text multiple groups at once in the app
Def a must have if you're a club or organization or if you just want to keep in contact with your circle of friends. Would be 5 stars if I didn't have to reinstall it twice. But works like a charm now.
I love this app and it allows others to see all the replies!
Main issue is that when members leave I have trouble getting them back in when they reconsider.
I like ths app
For some reason I can't access the emojis there's not even an option on my phone...it worked on my Evo 4g but not this phone...if anyone knows this solution please share..and the camera icon is missing...when problem is fixed it's worth all five stars
I love that I can communicate to everyone at once.
It's really useful!!
I use it for team updates and random communication.
Really enjoy this app i hav my coworkers in one group and my best friends in another. The only reason it dosnt hav 5 stars is beacuse it drains your phones battery!!
Love it!
Me and my family love this app.
Sooo fun
Not sure if i like the app better than getting the texts, but its easy to use and a fun way to communicate
I like it
I get error messages alot
Always working...
Great for getting messages to everyone at once!! I love it!
Quick ways to set up meetings with multiple people and the look of it is better than the boring text screen.
Its a good app 2 use.
Great app
Great to communicate
Love the connection!
Didnt think i would really like this app but turned out i love it
I have a group for my closest friends and it saves so much time when sharing information and coordinating events.
loveee it !
Fun an resourcefull
Everything seems to work well but Ill get duplicates of a lot of messages sometimes
Cool app, use it socially and for business.
I love this app. I wish I would have known about this a long time ago.
It sometimes turns my photos sideward that I want to use for the group avatar...other than that I would have given it 5 of 5
Ok
Love it!
for family communication
I like it. Makes things more convenient.
I like it. Makes things more convenient.
Nice app :-)  nearly 5 stars but its battery eating skills bring put it down a star.
I been with groupme since the beginning... I love the group calls but understand why they are more focused on the chat. I came wait to see what they have in store for the future.
Definitely help those group text delay issues
The best group talk app for cross platform. But where the heck is th widget for this thing. I would love to have a widget for this so I don't have to leave my home screen. Do this and its a 5 star with ease.
Just downloaded this app and so far its been great!
Communicate with everyone easily
All it needs now is to be able to put up videos! Please work on that!
Easy to use.
Enjoy faster than reg. Text
can no longer attach photos on skyrocket with legit update direct from kies, says media scanner running every time.
Would be nice if you could change your individual avatar for each group. Some of my groups have themes
Stay connected
Dont like how it kicks people out of groups on its own.
Great app! But, I don't like how it automatically deletes people from the group who don't respond right away.
Great app
Great app
Works well for most part. Won't allow a picture to be taken in app and posted since ics update. Droid Razr.
Works like BBM for all BBM group addicts but better cos of its platform agnostic advantage
Very useful and convenient.
Great app... Although not as smooth of an experience as Beluga.
App force closes sometimes and everyone should not have the same priveledges as the room creator. That should be one person only. Other than that 5.
My company used the voice conferencing until it was deleted, great every where else.
Great, but my Google voice number isn't working with the app anymore. Please fix it ASAP.
Would love to be able to select multiple people at a time for a group instead of one at a time...
Just news a way to store it on sd..
If you could put vids up it would be a 5 star app
Groupme is a great way to communicate with friends quick. Sometimes it takes a minute for it to refresh  when you dont have it on, but while youre using it, the groupme works just fine.
great app just needs to push the mail a little better.
Love it.
I have tried WhatsApp, ChatOn and Kik but this seems to the best when it comes to Group chatting. The app is done pretty neatly and looks even better than its iOS counterpart.   I would have given it 5 stats if there  were more control by the Group creator. Right now anyone can remove any member except the creator and can change group settings, such as group name and avatar.
Works well
I deactivated my fb account, but ican keep up with fam and friends in a more meaningful way using groupme!
Latest update for groupme push causing no new conversations to be shown in app. Please fix.
It works. No glitches. I like.
Not bad, works well enough.
It won't let us go back to the oldest conversation. It would say "Request Timeout". Please fix this! Thanks!
Easy to use only issue is not being able to log out
Dope app for Legion Riderz
Great way to keep in touch on group trips, especially bachelor parties where its hard to keep track of everyone!
Love it!
I like the app because it really gets your group in sync
Please add this capability to this app
It's great! I love using this to communicate with my friends
Very convenient!
Has connection problems sometimes but overall very enjoyable
Sweet!
Very useful for communication with friends and family!
Great app wish it still had conference call feature
Great app for getting a study group together!
Only complaints is it makes all my pics sideways and I can't rotate them
Easy way to stay connected ever when you are not all together.
I have
Its awesome
Can you change the feature when a new message comes in it scrolls to the bottom.  It is annoying when trying to catch up on older messages
Easy to use features . Organized.
It has a lot of trouble sending pictures to the group
great app.
Please add an option to erase. Other than that this will be a five star app!
I like it. It hasn't fail me yet.
I like being able to chat with more than one friend at a time..
A great way to keep in touch with all your closet friends despite what kind of phone they have
Very nice app. I'm getting married and this app is very helpful. I don't have to send the same msg to multiple people. And here everyone can see each others response. I recall there being a feature to call a group but I can't find it.
This works great on Motorola droid x
I use it everyday, works great to keep softball team informed. Rarely, but sometimes the servers overload and the messages are not received.
Great for group chats
Like it!
I love GROUP ME!
Will give 5 stars if we can send videos also. Thank you-Sprint EVO
its grrrrreat AND its   free!
Haha its pretty cool:) glad my friend told me bout it:)
Why does this app need to be constantly running & w/icon on my notification bar?? Otherwise, gr8 app!
it is the most awesomeness app ever!!!!
Love this app
It keeps force closing please fix if that can be fix it would be 5 stars cool app !!!
Great for group sms. Wish that the initial sms would be the only one received if you haven't opted in.
Great app
Need an update to completely delete messages and contracts
Need to change the option when someone doesnt respond to the invite or deletes it to be re added to the group.
Love it
Cool & easy to use. Download & give it a try.
It helps my class of 2003 stay connected because most Of them leave out of town so its better then keep going on Facebook
Good stuff.
I've only been using it 2 Weeks but it's been perfect, except the map never works.
There are a few minor issues, but GroupMe provides you updates frequently and corrects them in timely manner.
great for making plans and keeping in touch with a group of friends
Battery drainage is substantial after latest updated. Option to remove notification while push is on, will be much appreciated.
Love push notifications, but please give the option to hide push status from the notification bar!
Love push notifications, but please give the option to hide push status from the notification bar!
5 with video sharing
My friends and I love this app.
Cool app I use it to group communicate with co workers and close friends.
... I wish this app would stop automatically going to the bottom when a new text comes in while I'm reading older texts!
Please update so we can save the program to the SD card. I'm running out of space and would hate to delete this app.
Its a very good app
Can you make it so we can hide the push notification in the status bar?
Love app but would ne better if you could have a black background instead..the background is pretty bright at night.
Great way for me to contact to my sorority sisters and not have to text everybody individually. You have to download the app so you will not get a million text messages coming in at once and you will be able to "silence" it.
Very good app to be able to have group chats
Great app but can you please update it and allow memory to be switched to SD card?? Please and thank you
I'm a sucker for things looking good. I would've given 5 stars if, there were some themes like in go sms
I'm a sucker for things looking good. I would've given 5 stars if, there were some themes like in go sms
Very effective for our church & the college students we pick up every Sunday. Thx 4 keeping it simple!
Pretty cool app
Good app
Great app!!!!!
I don't always get my notifications.
I don't always get my notifications.
Pretty good app for free WiFi txting but there is a big delay sometimes
Pretty good app for free WiFi txting but there is a big delay sometimes
If used well, this could change the way keep in touch @ any social level. I use it for home, work & church.
Great app but drains battery like no other
Pretty great idea to include ppl but drains battery pretty quick!
Messaging needs to be instantaneous like kik messenger. Being able to see when friends are typing back would be great too. Nice clean interface, different take on group messaging is clever.
This is a very good app but could be better. The group size limit is not good.
Love the categories
Love it!
Would give 5 stars if you could group more than 25 people.
I'm using the S2 with 4.0.3 and getting fc when I launch the app. SWAGG™√
Very nice great and useful app,  
Just uses too much memory, and can't move it to sd card,
Just works...a great all platform text app.
it's great..
Great for group conversation :)
You create your groups, and than send one message to all or you can chat with them... Awesome...
Nice
Does just what I need it to do
Great app. Still trying to finding my contacts on it.
Wonderfull way to comminucate
The cross platform capabilities of this communication app really shine a light on the darkness that is vertical markets.  Extremely effective and easy to use.
It works good enough but need video too and i give 5 stars
i like it. works good for me with the Galaxy S II
This app works great. Its kinda quirky about getting people to add sometimes though. They need to fix the wait time if someone doesn't add right away. Otherwise its almost impossible to get them to join the group.
If only it had the ability to add more contacts
A little tricky on the beginning, but once you get the grip, it becomes really good.
Superb  messaging app. This app is available on ios,blackberry,windows phone , android, and on the web so it can be use with everybody no matter what phone they are using.Just would like to be able to text people without the app
Excellent.  Quicker than email.
Nice!!!
Does what its supposed to, well.
Even with outside members.
Makes group communication easier
Cool  app
Could you contact me about increasing my group size limitation I am going to need 50+ people in the group
Great way to chat with multiple people!
I have no complaints about this app. It does everything you want a messanger app to do flawlessly!!!
Does what its supposed to!
Amazing!
Keep improving
Works great, even if someone else doesn't have app/ is on another os
The groupme app is awesome, but I miss the group call feature
I use this app for work. I have 15 employees doing field work traveling between different locations. Its so easy to send one message and all can respond.
Just what I needed...can use it for more one thing...its great...
Love this app. I can keep in contact with family and friends all over.
Me gusta mucho... pero me gustaría q la gente no supiera cuando los saco de la conversación.
So convenient and well put together.
Great app
Me and my fam have a blast group messaging
Pretty good app to keep in touch with your friends
I love it...its perfect
Blahh
This App runs well and has multiple uses.
Cool way to speak to a few heads. Reminds me of old aim chatrooms
I'm awaiting a bug fix.
Great app for Biz and Pleasure
All I wanted was a group messaging app, this does way more.
Good so far, but sometimes the messages don't come through in order.
Never had any issue
I love everything about this app.  It operates great.  I would love for it to be able to post videos but hopefully that will come soon.
Love love love this app.
Keeps crashing on Samsung fascinate ICS and transformer prime ICS. Can't even use the app. Once fixed, 5 star app.
Great way to organize events with large groups of people w/o a large number of texts/calls. Also good in keeping in contact with friends and family
Great way to organize events with large groups of people w/o a large number of texts/calls. Also good in keeping in contact with friends and family
It freezes sometimes but its tight how u can stay connected wit everyone luv it
Very nice
Cool app
Great app.  Does what it promises to do. Lacks functionality to edit or update member names. Get it right the first time.
Love it
Cool!
This application is very efficient in contacting more than one contact at a time. The only issue in its design is the volume of texts that can be sent at one time. It can become overwhelming to receive a large amount of texts all at once. However, this can be considered a problem with the sender using the app. All-in-all, this app is wonderful.
Need a way to block members who abuse group. They should view but not text
Efficient way to group text
Its like friendsaroundme.
Its like friendsaroundme.
Great!
Mamalona la app
Supa
Great app with a great concept...
This makes it easier to get your whole group together quickly.
Useful. Need android phones to see apple smileys though, gets annoying not going with flow of convo then realizing a smiley was placed somewhere probably
Should support larger files and videos
My friend told me about it and its great
I really like this app I can  plan my girls night out as well as friends and family gatherings without making multiple phone calls.
Great way to communicate with a group of people. I do it for work and with my group of friends
Love it!  Great way to keep in touch with my family
Just got it yesterday but so far its good
It's great for group chats. But it does use up battery.
My friends and family with iPhones, Androids, and dumb phones can all conveniently communicate using GroupMe. This is a must-have!
I wish they would not require SMS for setup. It makes it harder to get people using the app.
I like
Luvs it!!
Works perfect, no bugs. Like the "likes"
I wish it were possible to enlarge friend's avatars
Great for college students
Our family (who are all over North America) uses it daily! Love that you can attach pics, love the emotes & love that you can participate on a desktop too! Great free app!
Helps groups plan events on the go.
Cool app.
But make sure that your group members have unlimited texting!
Works well. I haven't had a real issue with ot yet...
Unable to register,, confirmation text s not receiving pls look into it  and mail me
Great way to keep in touch with kids! Great!  DtoidX
Perfect for a group of friends to jus send out info on parties or events
Great app, wish you could copy and paste.
This is my go-to app whenever I want to make sure a group stays together, and in sync with their communication. The only problem is the lags. Once they innovate the app to go faster, it will be a five star force to reckon with! I love that there is a mute option. You can briefly leave the group without missing out on the fun!
Very easy to use. But, notifications can drive you mad in large groups.  Just silence them.
Love it!!! I use it with my sorority sisters and its amazing!!!!
Group me is another reason why I don't miss my blackberry!
Wish it had an auto-refresh. Pretty quick on the updates in messages though. wish messages could run over the 160 character limit. Make sms simpler.
Great tool
Ability to send files would be cool
because that would simply be badass.
Impressive
I love that there's a web version. I wish we could customize sounds in the web version though
It does what it was created to do. No extras
Creator of group should be allowed to change the names of their guests.
Can send messages to more then 10 people at a time
Great app..design and functionality-both wonderful
Great app but it has a slight delay. It doesn't always let you know when you have a message. But other then that its a good app.
love it!!!
We use the app at work across several different devices, including Android, iPhone, and Blackberry. Works great on the Nexus, Razr, Droid 4, Incredible...  (Sends each msg as a txt on Blackberry, which was annoying)
Great way to talk to many people at once.
Good app especially if you are in school and have group projects. Only setback is that it makes my phone die fast. Epic 4g
Great &
Only thing I hate is the character limit when texting from the app.
Great app, useful for business and casual use. My only complaint is that it sometimes overrides vibrate settings
But I'm Missing the new update....
Luv it.....its like blackberry messenger all over again
good
Great way to talk to a group of friends at once.
If on ICS, turn off GPU rendering in developer options.
Fun to use
Love chatting with friends!
Change the layout... Also text is very small... Please improve UI!!!!
This little all is very very useful when trying to communicate as a group, or for planning group events. Everyone has a say!
great app...so far.
Right now I have no problems so I love it!
Great for conference chats and having everyone on the same page.
Pretty nice being able to chat with multiple people at the same time with them all seeing the same messages.
It's pretty amazing. Not a single glitch so far and works fine. Keep up the good work and I look forward to unforseen updates and upgrades.
Awesome application!
Would like it if the creator would have a few more options or features
Good for staying connected in groups but sometimes doesnt update
This a great app to do group conversations. Really simple to use.
Enjoying group me. Great way to talk to family or kids all at the same time.
Thanks Skype.. :-)
Works great for groups to keep in complete contact with no middleman. Everyone reads the same info. Great!!!!
Ok
Very cool app and easy to use.
Great app! But I wish it gave me automatic notifications on top of my phone. I have to keep checking to see if I have any new messages.
Great app for family and friends to remain connected instantly..Would like to be able to send pictures.
Great app..easy to use...if u were a fan of BBM ....or send a lot of group messages for work ,school, or social you'll love it
Great for planning with friends
We use it for work to keep all teammates in the loop. Group creator can monitor participants and restrictions. It's great!
Great app all my friends joke and crack meet up and all on this lol
More customization and more ease with adding contacts.
Works pretty good compared to other ones we tried
Yup
Solid app for my incredible. One improvement .... add a link to the txt mags so people know who is sending and where/how to download.
Almost perfect..My old Facebook account is still synced and my bosses see old pics.How do you unsyc accounts or add new account?
I would love it if we could customize it a bit more. (Sidekick 4G)
Its the best group messaging app I know of. Evo 3D
Freaking awesome
Wish you could have more than 25 people in a group but it's still great for staying in contact!
I really love this app. Its works as well as what's app and its free...
Would be nice if the newest messages were at the top so the pull to refresh would actually be useful...
Work well
This app is great for putting out information especially to big groups instead of texting individually
Love the fact I can do conferencing calling as well as group chat
Wish you could share videos :(
People will get kicked out randomly
Runs solid, does what it says, could use a few more features to really fill all my needs.
I love the app and service but I think it needs a tablet layout and also device awareness so if I'm sending messages from my tablet it doesn't alert me on my phone
Love it
Good not great substitution for Beluga
Very nice
Keeps us connected.
Sometimes i dont receive the messages until about 30 minutes after they send it and sometimes it doesnt let me send pictures
Works great
I wish this app was available for Blackberry
Does the work its supposed to do.
Awesome app...very convienant
Good all do you have to pay for anything on it
I love it! Try it.
Merges all my people so everyone is getting updated at once.
Great app for chatting to group of  friends.
Love it
Awesome concept, slightly above average delivery,... But altogether I would recommend
Awesome app. Keeps an ongoing conversation window open with anyone grouped for a topic. The only thing I would like to see is the ability to add/use emojicons. I'd give it the 5th star!
Awesome app! Get it!
Not as good as the preloaded group texting app on my old Sidekick 4G, but it's a decent enough substitution.
Makes communication easier. Only complaint is the limited message space.
OK so far.
I wish we could delete messages
Enough said
This is great! No more hassle in emailing everyone. Just have GroupMe!
This is a very nice app with a lot less lag like others. Needs more features and themes. Nexus S 4G
Thus app is fantastic for collaborating plans with friends. The only grievance is it drains the battery pretty fast.
Thus app is fantastic for collaborating plans with friends. The only grievance is it drains the battery pretty fast.
I'm Using this app everyday to stay in touch with my  class reunion committee.
Would like to have the option to completely remove my profile picture
I've been using groupme now for almost a year and it just keeps getting better.  The best app to use for organizing a bunch of friends who may be scattered all over the place.
Not receiving notifications
Wish they'd bring back the call feature
This app allows me to reply and be included in a group chat with iPhone users and BB users. Which seems to be a glitch with my Galaxy Nexus ... hopefully this will be addressed soon.
Its pretty cool ;; really fun!
...with iphone users without having to BE an iphone user.
Its good and everything BUT I wish I could know if my fren is also online to reply me... its still a great app that I would recommend
Need to be able to delete hisory. If I miss 15text, I have to go thru entire history to find where the new text began.
Good so far
I wish I could change the color of each members text bubbles. Otherwise great app!
Created a group for coworkers and a group for people I jog with. A nice way to keep everyone in the loop.
I used the conference calling features more than texting. With that gone, It's still a valuable app, but so much less.
Works faster than standard across unrelated networks.
Now I can keep all seven of my siblings engaged in active communication.  Better than facebook and their awful privacy issues.
I love this. It's great for planning or simply keeping up with a group of people. Super handy and entertaining.
Very useful.  Users friendly.  I would recommend it to others professionally and personally.
This thing is a great.
The app rounds out anything missing in the text experience.
Beats textin all day.
Runs smoothly. Doesnt refresh as much as it used. Even when I manually refresh my groups.
Use it in our IT department.
But wish conference call issues resolved
works great for Android, but terrible for windows phone!
Would be 5 if the easy conference calling was available.
Needs to be able to edit user names without having to remove them from app.
Wish I would've known abt this app before
Great for group communication, and easy to use
Great app. Would like to see option to send video added.
Its great.... I love it...
I love it, use it more than my regular texting app. Need to bring back the conference call feature back.
Overall a great app, I love that it's able to work regardless of phone type as long as there is at minimum texting capability.  Wish they brought back conference calling in groups though.
Great
Nice
I love it, it works well. I just wish you upload video to it. Nexus S.
Takes me 3-4 attempts to get a photo to upload
Really easy to upload pics and add your location. It's great for keeping in touch and simpler than all the annoyances of facebook.
The Best Group Chat App Ever!!!
Use it everday with all my friends. Would enjoy the ability to embed video into the chat thread.
Love group me!!
Good app!
Good!
Good app. Would like to see a bit more functionality and ability to upload.
Great app, so useful for group messaging
Great app
Great app
It works great for my groups..love it
Great app for communicating w multiple friends in a single ch at room.
Kinda difficult to get set up with your friends at first, but once you do. It's so much fun!
Great way to keep in touch with family and send pics of my 15 month old.
Love it, works great on my photon, would  get 5 stars if conference call feature returns
Love it, works great on my photon, would  get 5 stars if conference call feature returns
Great for hunting!
I use it for work purpose and I want it with a lock feature but there's none.
I would've given it a 5 if it didn't take a while to load sometimes.
I really like the app as its very convenient; I've used it for work and for social events. My only reservation, and why I didn't give it 5 stars, is that not everyone received the text when I set up the group. This has happened with two groups I set up, and with one that I was invited to. That said, I will say that the groupme support was responsive to all my questions and worked to get things remedied as soon as possible.
Easy to use and fun.
Great tool. Very useful.
Good for chat... With business and other kind of org.
Does precisely what I need it to and also works for the people without smart phones, so it's extremely useful for helping me coordinate activities with my bands and coworkers, etc. I only gave 4 stars because I haven't really tried the rest of the functions beyond basic messaging so far.
It keeps asking me to add the person I chat with to group even if I already added them! Its annoying please turn that feature off.  It happens when chatting one to one.  Besides that, I love the speed and ease of use.
I like it and all tht but they give u a new phone number...
Great app, I use it for work to keep in touch with about 15 other people. NEEDS A 24 HOUR SLEEP OPTION so its not going off late at night.
Does what its supposed to but my pics upload sideways and upside-down. Please fix!! Droid-Incredible
Wont load on moto,  defy.
So far, so good...would love to be able to customize the background/wallpaper like on whatsapp.
I wish groups could have more than 25 members. Also, using the map makes the app fc every time
Graphics spazzes out in portrait mode on asus transformer tablet.
Its great
Makes Texting groups 100 times easier
Great app I love it for the update would like to see smiles and received and read notifications
Getting better
Functions are great but the performance is not pretty.
If my 2 friends could get in my group it would make me happier but they get no text or anything!
Great features, love the website. Better functionality for one on one chats would be the next thing to perfect!
It'd be nice to have the option to always leave location on. And to use 160+ characters. Other than that, it's perfect.
But I wish it would notify you when a member cancels so you're not talking to yourself lol
But I wish it would notify you when a member cancels so you're not talking to yourself lol
But I wish it would notify you when a member cancels so you're not talking to yourself lol
But I wish it would notify you when a member cancels so you're not talking to yourself lol
But I wish it would notify you when a member cancels so you're not talking to yourself lol
Awesome product!
The disclaimer could be a little more specific about what would actually cost money and how to avoid it (by installing the app).  Also, the ability to share video or voice message out between people would be nice, and delivered/read receipts means I wouldn't need WhatLiveKickProAppFile anymore.
Love it, just wish u could add multiple members all at once instead of one at a time.
It's amazing
My friends & I use it to have our own private chat sessions. It sucks U can't write longer msg but other than that its great!
Its just so good
didnt recieve d code. Waited for a month for d bug fix. Now uninstalled. zameer.india.samsung galaxy s
Wish there was one button to delete entire convo...maybe password protection option per group?
Now its asking me to re register and I can't figure out how to set it up with my google voice number again. Any help?
I think its pretty hot couse its just like bbm on blackberry but a lil much better . Follow me on twitter and i will follow you back @lilwhitemusic
Very nice
I love this app, but would love it more if it had a "delete chat history" option.
I was using this app during hurricane Irene to communicate status to friends and family over different carriers indifferent states with no problem.
bug When I add a smiley face, or whilst using it. Some of the chat lines disappear. And its not the hide lines option causing this. Syncing Issues?
Upgraded to 3.0 and then 3.0.1. Force closing any time I click on the contacts tab. Using DInc2 Gingerbread. I love the app, but this one isn't ready yet. Stay away until they iron out the bugs.
Good
البرنامج ممتاز. طلبت من العائلة تحميل البرنامج والآن نحن نستخدمه. يمكن تشغيله على الواي فاي فقط.
Hey the verification thing doesn't work for blackberry... I didn't receive the SMS... But it worked for my Android phone...
I didn't see anything notifying me that they were assigning a U.S. number until I went looking for the info on their site. I disbanded the group I setup after a couple minutes once I realized that it would be raping my friends who were still using SMS for this service.
This app is great if you're traveling with a group of friends and not get lost and get quick information to meet up or plans for later. As a for work, it is good for traveling again or event planing. Making sure everyone is on track, and receive vital information and confirmation as quickly as possible in a high busy moments. This app is not for wishy washy people, flakes, ball droppers or non-texters. Info on the quick and getting the job done.
This app is great if you're traveling with a group of friends and not get lost and get quick information to meet up or plans for later. As a for work, it is good for traveling again or event planing. Making sure everyone is on track, and receive vital information and confirmation as quickly as possible in a high busy moments. This app is not for wishy washy people, flakes, ball droppers or non-texters. Info on the quick and getting the job done.
Great apps n it's free! I'll give 5 stars if: - no message length limitation - let user show status - sync rework, duplicate contacts bug
Good app, the app itself is slow but in sms mode it is quicker. All changes to name must b done in the sms ir it will not display in group chat.
After two weeks waiting for the SMS still no any clue of it, neither any news from the customer and technical support. In Spain I DO NOT recommend it.
Great app. Would be great if no one except the group creator could modify things such as group name and avi.
The app WAS awesome but the new update doesn't allow me to edit my friends avatars on my virw like the last one!!! Fix for 5 stars!
I like it, no problems. My only complaints: 1). I wish we could erase past conversations within that room (like a refresh) 2). The rejoin for groups
Love it
You can delete basically one comment at a time but not the whole group chats? How dumb is that? Come on!!!!
Need to be able to delete direct messages!
app is great... but please add a delete or clear history option. i have tons of direct messages cluttering up the home screen. please fix thank you
Recently the notification will show up top but sound and vibrate aren't working.
Will give it 5 stars once it gets Canadian number support. Works well right now with people I know who have US texting. Not everyone does though.
Instant group text. Stay in touch or get in touch asap with business, friends, or family. I love it.
Love the app, please let messages / direct message conversations be deleted though!
Doesn't work in my country. (Argentina) Total waste of time.
Great update.works like a charm..a great addition to my productivity. Thx groupme.
Pin code received but keep prompting invalid pin!
Nice app and ideas. Give us the option to backup delete DMs and chats would be fantastic though. Was this intentionally left out?
New version kicks butt! Keep the patches coming. Always love seeing devs respond so quickly to bugs.
Still vibrates on new msg even when i unchecked the vibration. C'mon. Fix it please
Didn't find any friends on this. Causes force close when I click ask a question. Vibrant.
A must have for any community organizer. Very helpful for those.needing conference calls as well!
The first message I sent freaked out everyone on the list. It was a advertisement to the app. Not cool. All I wanted was to group text.
Nice app. Map function is very fickle though. Worked for first week. Now only shows my radius. No settings to help. Minus one star.
Allows groups to chat regardless of phone service provider. The alternative to BBM!
I love this thing! I've been SEARCHING 4 an app like this! :) The suggested topics thingy is creative but its annoying looking, wish it was optional.
Ok. The suggested topics are a little obnoxious. They look like ads and go against grain of apps main appeal-close knit communication a la gchat etc
Please have option to not show replies in notification bar. Have a generic message saying "new message" please.
lost all my groups after latest update and app won't find them. back to sms mode. evo.
I wish all the messages would come through and media was able to be sent through the group but besides that this app is wonderful
I wish all the messages would come through and media was able to be sent through the group but besides that this app is wonderful
Excellent app...but i wish you could switch from between groups while w/n one group chat, w/o hitting the back key. Like when a new message comes in.
Would be 5 stars but the back navigation is a little awkward sometimes, doesn't always go all the way back to the main menu.
Pretty cool and useful app. Adding the option to share different types of files in addition the photos would be a great addition!
Great app, still has problems sending pictures once in a while but other then that very good.
This was my most used app but now I can't get it to work. Tried to go back to older version and still shows multiple errors. Ashame, really was a great app!
Does not allow you to send text while on a call via group me.....besides that love the feature currently have 22 mbrs in one group
Does not allow you to send text while on a call via group me.....besides that love the feature currently have 22 mbrs in one group
Pretty cool just wish it was as fast as Kik Messanger and other apps like that
Pretty cool just wish it was as fast as Kik Messanger and other apps like that
Pretty cool just wish it was as fast as Kik Messanger and other apps like that
Um. I dnt get any replys ,at all ! ~_~ not that bad though ...if it worked !
Um. I dnt get any replys ,at all ! ~_~ not that bad though ...if it worked !
Wonderful app, however, unable to edit contact names and unable to delete messages unless there's and error. Please fix immediately.
Works as advertised. Bit of a pain to install and build a group but it fills a void in the android software. Very nice for a free app.
Good app. Ads on suggested topics not good. It is ok to have the ads, but do not force it on us. It works against the advertiser. NOT GOOD!
I like it, but it useful 2 tell every1 in the group b4 hand. I talked to 1 person and it sent it 2 every1 n the group. I had 2 xplain 2 alot of ppl.
actually android doesnt have a built in way of saving a contact group and messaging the group by in app data and sms..
Great app. Works great as a bbim replacement. Multi platform and even for dumb phone users.
Reviewing this as a 'group chat' app. Good: ** Cross-platform, your friends with iphone can use it as well. ** Notifications for new msgs are working well (unlike TextPlus). **Ability to add location when sending the msg is nice. Lacking: ** It does not seem to register itself with android system (2.3.3) as an app to send messages (while I see other communication apps showing up when I click a contact). ** When one of your contacts install the app, it takes quite a while until you get informed about that.
Interface is clean and intuitive. But says application error every time I try a conf call.
We used Group.me at SXSWi last weekend and it kept our group of over 20 people connected. Very convenient!
It doesn't automatically detect when I have no data connection to transfer to sms. Please fix!
Needs an option to turn all notifictions to your phone on or off, & it won't reviece or send picture mail.
Kept saying an error occurred while talking to GroupMe server. 'Realized' its 'cause of my location? Please add in description - this is for US only!
Kept saying an error occurred while talking to GroupMe server. 'Realized' its 'cause of my location? Please add in description - this is for US only!
Love this app. My friends and i meet every Thursday and "watch" vampire diaries 2gether.
Love this app. My friends and i meet every Thursday and "watch" vampire diaries 2gether.
Cool app! Request to have a time less than 2mins to check for new messages from members. Favorably PUSH.
I like it, its fun if u want to chat with multiple friends ;). Htc evo
Love the update with the in app chat. Not seeing where it is that you can checkin on foursquare from this app though?
I like the app. My friends and I have been using it for months. The new update brings a lot of great features, especially being able to send in-line images (as you know the old way was wonky at best). But while SMS messages came immediately, it can now take two minutes for in-chat messages to arrive via the data connection. (Admittedly, I'm not in the best signal area right now). Gotta speed it up, fellas. Otherwise, great work. UPDATE: still occasionally force-closes while selecting pics to send.
There should be an option for the Creator of the group to mute the whole group
We're always getting together as a family and now I don't have to type in 10 separate phone numbers or contacts to connect with everyone, and I can make sure nobody is left out of the invite. Needs video now!
Works as described. Most useful with small group. Don't text too much if group mbrs in other time zones, they get mad :-(
I really love this app but after I did the update, it wouldn't let me send pics anymore. Hope that gets fixed soon.using Epic 4G
App is great works well with me and my coaches and my sisters when we wanna just talkto each other all at the same time
Better. Needs msg thread view. GV use not obvious for existing accounts. From app: create group, add in your GV#, then delete your underlying #.
Great way to keep in touch and communicate w a group of friends. Easy to use too. My new favorite app
Love it. Fills a void I've been looking to fill. App could be better but still love it.
Beluga app is the same, but with google voice support. Groupme isn't for me. I have no txt plan.
Great app. It's an excellent way to keep in touch with my family and friends.
Works well other than it force closes on Droid X when trying to delete a group. Uninstalled and reinstalled and still not able to delete a group. :(
Texts not showing to others in group. Cannot edit groups. Cannot change to my google voice number from cell number.
It's DA bomb!!!
This is amazing!
I have been using GroupMe since beta and it is still the best group text tool available
Excellent app! I love it!
Excellent app! I love it!
I love love love this app me and my ladies can all keep in touch and be on the same page thanks a must have...
Love it!
Great way to communicate.
Useful for small business communication
Great app always reliable
Great app always reliable
Great app
Awesome for large groups, especially on party weekends when people might get split up
Get it!
Love it! Works great on Nexus S 4G
Love love love.
Great for the most part but sometimes pics don't load
Great for organizing friends at a park for example.
Amazing! I use it for work, friends, hobbies, and anything else I possibly can. Efficient, effective, and easy to use!
Love this app
I've been using this app for about 5 month and it is a great app for its purpose and for group communications.
Love it
I have an android and my friends all have iPhones! This is a great way for us all to group message! Since I don't reciece their group Imessages!
Esp for Android users trying to deal with group texts. Fun app!
I like this app but my cousins have itouches and I don't know if they're able to use it. But its great if I'm talking to my family
Love this app so easy to navigate
Awesome app
We started using groupme for fantasy football chat awesome. Talk smack talk to another level.
Great way to stay in touch with friends in groups or one on one.
Love it!
Galaxy s 3  works great
Galaxy s 3  works great
Wonderful App
The best group chat app available....hands down
Great app works great
Helps keep everyone in the loop. I have multiple groups set up and haven't had any problems with the app.
I have Facebook and Twitter, which I use frequently, but spend most of my time in group me.   Having health issues that make phone texting painful, I now have folks text with me here so I can use a more comfortable device and they can keep using SMS instead of an app.   <3
Would love to be able to delete or edit a post
I love this app! It's like a chat room for cell phones, but you control who's in it. One problem, sometimes it takes a long time for messeges to load. Other then that, great app!
Works great
Awesome :)
Awesome :)
Great app to stay connected.
Excelente app para grupos aceita msm , fotos ,  very good .
Works great
I love it
Great app
I user this a lot for my soccer team to communicate start times etc. Easier than using email.
I user this a lot for my soccer team to communicate start times etc. Easier than using email.
Keeps from having to create a lot of groups in my address book
So much easier than facebook messaging!
It does it all!
Great app!
Good app. Nice and fast
I did not receive my pin cricket
This app was working great until a day ago. wouldnt let me send messages at all. i uninstalled and reinstalled to see if it would fix the problem. it didnt now it wont work at all (UPDATE ) thanks you guys its fixed!! :)
Great!
I love the ap.  It is great if you have a team or organization to communicate with.
Awesome, its a great way to talk to all my friends at the same time, I love it :D
Great app
I love this app!! The developers actually respond and care when you have an issue! I use this app daily, hourly even! Thank you GroupMe!! <3
Very good
Love this app!
Love it!
Works great
This app is really good especially if ur network is prone to dropping signal! Hop on wifi and book instantly connected
Fun way to virtually hangout with ppl!!!  Yayeeee
This helps with personal and business. Great app
Works grate!
Awesome app. sends notifications instantly
Love the app.
It covers everything hopefully migration of video or youtube?
Great great great app
love it specially for when not at wrk kan still communicate in group
Great app, nice work Group Me
Awesome app
Absolutely fantastic
Great way for me and my friends to stay on the same page with plans and other fun stuff! I never get off this thing and all my friends love it!!
Great app
Live the group me app!!!
THE Best App on my phone(HTC Evo), no problems here.  BEST OF ALL:  NO ADS!!!!!!  Would be nice to upload Videos. Also, have the option to have a different profile picture for different groups.
Perfect for group messaging with people of all different kinds of smart phones!
Love it!
Very useful
Lovin It!!
Super great app! Love this!
Has been great for my groups if friends staying connected
Works like a charm
Cool we to talk to all my groups of friends at once
This app is truly beautiful
Amazing app. Love it
The program allows those within the group to share words and other information immediately.
this is a good app  you can create a family group with all of your family across different state
Helps a ton when coordinating groups on the move.
The real deal.
The real deal.
It's wonderful. Best way to connect with groups.
This works great. Very useful to spread the word to my girls!!!!
Use this awesome app everyday to keep in touch with my band. Best thing for social media/staying in touch
like like like like
like like like like
Ghjjg
Ghjjg
Top notch group texting. Open or closed groups adds versatility.
Love this app ...it take texting to a new level
Needed an app for group messaging, especially with my pesky iphoner friends. This is the easiest way to connect cross platform.
Awesome way to connect multiple ppl at 1 time.
works really good
Best tool for communicating with friends,co-workers & family
Its cool I have 2 separate groups going now and it is awesome that they don't have to exchange #s. Great app
Great app!!
This is the best messenger app and it's free. They constantly update it to improve performance.
Always use it no crashing or anything
Groups are now so easy to communicate with
Very good communication tool. AAA +++
This app is great for communicating with multiple groups of people at a time.
Very handy! Exactly what I was looking for. Works as it says and haven't had any issues
Great app, really convenient, very simple to set up, easy to use, better in some ways than my regular SMS
Great app
superb so far..
Overall it's a great app! Saves you lots of time!  Sometimes the notifications are slightly delayed.
On a group chat with iphones, androids, and windows phone. Works perfect.
This app is amazing
I love this app, it is really great
Setting up parties, fantasy sports stuff and other things are easy and benefits everyone.
i love it
Just got app. Used it a few times.  Works great. Saves a lot of time texting same messages to multiple people on my team. Great that others can
I love talking to my friends all at once we have a ball on this app!!
Actually helps with work and makes it fun
I love this app it really helps me hamdle business
Hands down, best group chat. Easy to stay in touch with groups of friends and family for whatever reason. Trips, fantasy football, work, teams, etc.
Very seamless app. Easy to group text people and have a conversation. Integration with text messaging a major plus.
Awesome app .. does exactly what I wanted
Used to
I use it all the time with my roommates, coworkers, family, etc. great app!
I use it all the time with my roommates, coworkers, family, etc. great app!
Awesome way to keep up on all the news in my warped family
This app is a great way to keep in touch with friends and family  and is great when making group plans
Best way to be in touch with my friends
Great way to communicate with friends
What an easy way to create a chat room for whoever u choose to be in it. Love it.
Fun and easy to use. I enjoy it with my family!
Much, much better than using the text system
Awsome
App works great, sometimes a little slow but it's a great idea and easy to stay in touch with friends
Please make it movable to sd card really important for me. Btw I contacted customer support & they answered me same day afew times!  For that alone 5 stars!
nice
I looooove this app. So easy to use. I've got multiple group chats going on. Great job.
Love this app, great way of staying in touch and making plans. It is fast and constantly trying to improve with updates.
Love this app, great way of staying in touch and making plans. It is fast and constantly trying to improve with updates.
Hands down one of the most useful yet fun apps I've come across
Pretty good
I was so excited to know that I can BBM on my android
Great APP, never imagined I would use it as much as I do.
....A friend recommended this app and I can say that not only is it cool, but its very convenient.
Love it...keeps me connected
Great App
This works amazing. I can text a group of friends all at once
Awesome app
Sometimes I get kicked out and rerouted to SMS.  That's a bit frustrating... :-/
I use it for work to communicate with my employees and they love it!! Please add voice messages!
Great app! Almost works too well. Some where annoyed when blasted with multiple text once chat started!
Great app! Almost works too well. Some where annoyed when blasted with multiple text once chat started!
Nice app. Works as advertised. Great for families scattered across different parts of the country.
great mix between app & sms.
Rockz
RATE
But how do I find other groups that my family or friends are apart of?
Makes it easy to keep in contact with groups of friends at one time! works great!
Great for small businesses and projects where people need to stay in touch.
Helps my family and I communicate.  I use the text format and only use the app to send pictures and we've had zero issues!
My company uses this app so we can all keep updated with each store.  We have a separate group for the managers as well.  Always very stable & very handy!  Thanks devs!
I love it!
Very stable and no ads
Awesome!
This app works great. It's perfect for professional and personal use
App is off the chain!
it's awesome.
Having android and no group text is a hassle. This is a wonderful alternative.
Is great way to stay in contact with a group of friends or coworkers without logging into a chat.
Great way to communicate wwith groups of friends and share thoughts, make group deecisions, make fun others, or blow off some steam, etc. Too bad Group Conference call ability was discontinued from app. Other than that its great.
Stops alot of bad info between family,.friends, club members, etc...
My friends and I all went far away to different colleges and we love this!
Great way to have instant chat with anyone with out having multiple chat apps
Ih
Ih
Ih
I use this all the time to get plans started ! Great way to organize a group
My fraternity has been struggling with sending messages via text to all of its members. The issue is between my carriers limitations of 10 recipients per group message, and other peoples' limitations of their phone capabilities, messages would get lost or confused. this app has managed to keep everybody in touch with each other, and keep everybody happy. The ability to mute people and manage members are all amazing features. Honestly I still can't believe this app is free. And multiplatform to boot! A+!!!
Great way to stay in touch with all your different social group.  Easy, efficient.  Great tool for work as well to keep your team on the same page.
Does exactly what I need, group texting. Rarely crashes, great for sending pictures. Location of messages could be improved.   Use it all the time.
Not sure how many group text apps there are but this one is great.
This is an excellent way to have a real time group text with friends...
Asus transformer Infinity Love being able to group people from different areas of my life and mass text them.
Great way to stay connected with people you don't want to have your number!!!!!!
Great service, both for app and sms users. This is much like cross platform bbm groups.
This app is awesome don't have to have a million threads with friends...makes it easy to plan events with my bros. Works even with those who don't have a smart phone
Easy to use!
Best group messaging experience I've ever had.
Easy to connect iphone droid and blackberry
Works well. Makes group text easy.
Works great. Good way to stay organized, but the app will run down your battery quickly if you let it run constantly. Works best if you receive the groupme messages in your text messages.
Works great. Good way to stay organized, but the app will run down your battery quickly if you let it run constantly. Works best if you receive the groupme messages in your text messages.
Beautiful
Works great. I had issues bc droid couldnt do group texting like iphones but this solves it for me
So much easier then sending mass texts!
Never had an issue, does a great job at kreping me in touch with my life
Fracking love it. G SII
I love this app. Great way to message multiple people on a business and pleasure basis. The only complaint is, I wish we could share videos as well.
does what I need
Great app
Love this app
Makes talking to multiple people fast and easy
So convenient and efficient!
Works well. Great functionality. Easy to use.
I really love this app. . A great way to stay in contact wit your friends from many miles away or they mat be near! !
It's allowed me to link up people with and without data plans for 24/7. Nothing to worry about, makes my life and organization easy.
It's allowed me to link up people with and without data plans for 24/7. Nothing to worry about, makes my life and organization easy.
Love it
Love it
Best group messaging app feature rich & simple.
I love this app works great....
Does exactly what it says and meets all my needs.
Does exactly what it says and meets all my needs.
Works great. Would like it to include emoji tho
Works great. Would like it to include emoji tho
Works great. Would like it to include emoji tho
Really helpful app for the various organizations I'm involved in. Especially the group calling feature you get if you email them
Great app for a team!!
Excellent app, all my friends and family use it.
It's freaking awesome!
Works for what i need. Without all the crap I don't. :)
Absolutely Flawless, Great Tool , Feature To Have Available At Your Disposal :)
Our team use it daily
I love i can do both group and individual conversations!
I Love this app.  It let's me talk in group messages on one screen so I don't get a hundred separate texts.
Use it all the time for work. Highly recommend.
Fabulous app..works well with family and friends...
It is great
Till it deleted all my conversations. (Update: it works again. Idk why the convos disappeared. They're back. Great app again.
Exactly
Amazing
So easy to use and fun
Love it
Awesome...BBM for Androids!  Easy and quick.
Awesome...BBM for Androids!  Easy and quick.
Images are not showing. Keep giving an error message.
Truuuu!!!
Very convenient
LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!
Yeah
Thx for MAKING it
One of the best apps out there. Keep making it better somehow.
Works well. And does what it's supposed to
...it.
Excellent app
Work great
I love it wish you could have more than 50 people in the group
Like
Cool
I like it a lot also good with the mute option really helps .....
Best BBM type app. I think its way better, cleaner, simple, easy to use, and easy to add friends in GroupMe
I like
Use it for all my small groups and clubs! Its perfect! Only downfall is it irritates the heck out of users without a smart phone.
Great app. Really keeps me connected to friends.
Have been using this everyday for over a year with my friends. Love it. Keep it up guys. Maybe add a walkie talkie feature.
I use it to keep in close contact with lifelong friends throughout the city. Definitely keeps us much closer. Also great for planning events.
Love the app but would love a buzz feature to wake ppl that are idle
The app performs like every Android app should. No corners were cut when designing this app! Only suggestion would be a scheduled Do Not Disturb option.
Been frustrated by iPhone and blackberry friends who group text forever. Finally able to participate. Wish I had found this app much sooner. Great app.
Working great again
The only thing it's missing is tablet support
no problems, I definitely recommend
Love it
Amazing
So easy to use and saves abunch of time. I have my neighbors as one account so we can't keep an eye out for one another.
Not one issue so far!
Not one issue so far!
Good app
Good app
Great app
Great app really brought our family together :-)
Works flawlessly!
Love!!!!
Perfect
Excellent app!!!
Easy to use! Keeps my text message usage down!
A great, user friendly, app for group chats. Fun and quick
I LOVE THIS APP!
I love gLee!!
Use it for communicating with family and roommates
I need to get more of my friends on this
Works very well for me.
Needs video sharing
Nice..
Great way to stay connected
Great app except I made a mistake and removed myself from a private group and I've been added back but I can no longer see the group
Fast. Awesome.
I use it all the time. When I travel to Europe or my friends travel to Europe, I use GroupMe to communicate so I don't have to use my text messaging. It comes in handy! Very useful for group texting for non-iPhone users as well.
I couldnt get my pin so i emailed groupme support and someone got back to me in less then one day. Im so happy. I love groupme. Five stars for groupme. #)
I couldnt get my pin so i emailed groupme support and someone got back to me in less then one day. Im so happy. I love groupme. Five stars for groupme. #)
This app only didn't 5 stars because on my My Touch 4G Slide phone, it doesn't have the group "call" feature. On my G2 it did. PLEASE FIX!!!!
Works great
Best app for sending out group text messages!
Suprub
A great way to stay connected to the family and ministry.
Good money
Connects all of my friends at one time no matter what phone or service provider. Keeps everyone in the know.
Good stuff!!
Although it looks like a very good app, but my friends were not able to log in as they did not receive sms code
Nice
Super app!!
Awesome app! Makes getting together with friends so much easier!
Use this app with my friends.  No issues at all.
I love this app because I can talk to all my friends near or far
this app is perfect!
I'm not sure what else I could ask for.
:-)
I love this app it keeps my  staff on the same page
Great way to communicate with co workers.
Revolutionary!! A "must have" for Professionals!
I love it it brought my family back together
I love it it brought my family back together
Great
Great app
I love it..Great idea!!
Thanks
I live this app! It helps my class and I communicate !
Excellent
Best app to have to keep all your groupie friends in touch with eachother. Imo. I'm loving it!
I love it! I can interact with everyone at the same time. So much fun lol
I am a student and have been using this app to stay in contact with Members of Organizations. It has been working great. (HTC EVO)
great for talking to specific groups of people, especially for school projects
Easy to use
I love this app!
I can connect with my friends quickly and easily for hang-outs and chatting.
I use this.
Use it daily to keep sales staff up to date while sharing best practices.
Use it daily to keep sales staff up to date while sharing best practices.
Great way to communicate with a group of people. I have a group of coworkers, college friends and then medical school friends. If you love to text you will love this app!
The only reason not to have this app is if you don't have any friends. Stop reading reviews and download it NOW!
The only reason not to have this app is if you don't have any friends. Stop reading reviews and download it NOW!
We started using it for work, but I got my whole family on it now. What a great way to keep on touch with everyone!
Works great on S3!
I like it
Great app, but if you dont want your man or woman knowing where you are turn off the gps location setting lol
Great app
Tay bug :Groupme iz so awsome I enjoy it its very good for juss havin a chat with 8 or more,people but ill admitt it is kinda confusing wen everybody is tlkin at the same time
Great
Great
Extremely useful
I love it, a must have if you are a leader of any orgz. Or group
Customizable options to stay in touch!
w3rd.
Always working...
Its great!
Best chat app in the world!
Most useful app ever....i use it every day
Could do w better photo features
Great apps  Great for motorcycle group meeting up
I love this app for group chatting!  It works really well, especially when chatting with others who have iPhones (and deride you for not having one because theirs naturally replies to all in a group chat scenario).
I have no issues with this app so far
Must have app, I love it!!<33
I use it for my business and it is an excellent way for me to communicate with my staff when we aren't together!
I use it for my dance team, setting up outings with friends, among other things!
Great app for users to stay connected at work or at play. Great mobile chat room
Use it for all groups I'm in and more!!! Get the app
Love it
Love it
We use this for work. Works great and gets information out to the team quicker than emails/phone calls.
Free messaging no matter what phone you have. I love it
Makes collaboration with friends and coworkers a breeze!
Awesome app....
It's simply the best group messaging app.
Excellent for organizing events with friends.
I use it for work and to keep in touch with my sisters ...love it!
Great!
Great! Messenger for big group of people
finally an app that i really love and use all the time!this is an awesome application,it makes communicating with a number of people so much easier!
Never really had any problems so far either.
Love it.
Great app...used personally and as a corporate ERP playform...when Verizon SMS recently went down, the value if GroupMe was really felt, as it was directly effected.
It is a great app for group messages
Very convenient for groups. Makes Texting a large amount of ppl at once very easy. Must have app!!! Just mute it if your battery gets low because it kills a lot of battery
Awesome app. Makes group texting so much easier!
Nice
scales well, works like it says it works, most important: free to use
scales well, works like it says it works, most important: free to use
It sometimes turns my photos sideward that I want to use for the group avatar...other than that I would have given it 5 of 5
'nough said...
love it!!!
love it!!!
Highly recommended
Great n free
This app is so helpful when it comes to my classes. I can stay in contact so much easier with my class team.
User since the beginning.
I am a very busy working individual,  and I have always been very socially involved. This App is amazing for keeping my connections with the many different groups! No more forwarding messages and wasting time or leaving someone out of the forward list! Thank you GroupMe!!!
This is an awesome app!
I only wish you could attach files like pdf's.
My friends and I live in different city and states,this application help us to communicate more often and it's Alot of fun when we are all grouped together!  Great app!!
I use it to communicate with a large team of younger employees that only text. They have to download the app though, or else every time someone replies they will receive every message sent to all team members.
Amazing
Let's me stay in touch with family, friends and colleagues.
Let's me stay in touch with family, friends and colleagues.
I love it...great for conference chatting and fast!!
Great
awesomeness
My fav and most used app
This is one of my favorite apps. I even have one for me and my kids. I love the real time chat. An excellent way to stay in touch far or near!
BEST group app I have found!!!
The difference between. Text and app based userfaces is awful. Had to switch to text because the app is super dependent on internet. As far as I can tell there is no reason from the app
Our company wouldn't survive without it
Awesome app!
This app is simple and elegant.  Super for small group texting!
Thanks for making a group text not exclusively for iPhone users.
I like it...it works good for me and my family :)
I have tried many different apps for group messaging and NONE compare to GroupMe!  It is intuitive, reliable, and simply a wonderful tool for group communication...& it's FREE..@ least for now.
I have tried many different apps for group messaging and NONE compare to GroupMe!  It is intuitive, reliable, and simply a wonderful tool for group communication...& it's FREE..@ least for now.
My boys and I used this app to coordinate an international trip....two words....time saver. We were able to figure out the monetary situation and plan activities without any hassle.
Great app that makes planning events and just talking with multiple friends very easy and fun
AWESOME APP!!
Best way to plan events and trips and keep everyone on the same page.
Awesome
This app is great! especially if you have android software cause its soooo much easier to mass text :) Very happy.  P.s. They also give you emoji options like iPhones!! :D
Best texting app ever!
Best app ever, every droid user needs
Enough said.
This app is great! Nuff said!
I love Groupme! It makes it really easy to text all co-workers & keep everyone in the loop!
Great app try it out :)
This is the best group app in the market.
Love the fact that I made a bridesmaids group chat for my upcoming wedding, to remind everyone of dress fittinga etc. So simple to use
Great for family and friends
Great for family and friends
Love it!
Easy to use.
I've been using GroupMe for over a year now and it just keeps getting better. I have different groups for different circles of friends, and it just makes talking to all of them so much easier.
Talk to my friends without a problem
the best thing since sliced bread
Works with any phone, very reliable and fast.
Great way to get out a mass of information and every response being in chat form.
great way to talk to friends without having to tell the same story over and over
I Love It , A Big Help For A Busy Person Like Myself ..
I Love It , A Big Help For A Busy Person Like Myself ..
Groupme is the ishhhhhh
Great! Finally see multiple  threads in chronological order on my Druid between certain friends !
Love this app!
Immediate value says it all
Best group chat app, supports so many operating systems and even web from computer. Keep the features coming!
Love, love, love!
Star app
Great service everything works perfectly
Great for the purpose of keeping multiple persons on the same page. First rate app!
Great
Great
Awesome way to communicate with a large group.
Awesome
Now all my iPhone friends can go suck balls
Very useful tool for collaboration
Great
Great app
I use this app to stay in touch with college friends over the summer, plan parties and trips with friends, works pretty flawlessly for my friends and I, reccommend this app to everyone, the more people on it the more useful it becomes
I REALLY miss the teleconference feature! Is there any way you can bring that back?
Excellent app for group texting among all carriers and any smartphone!
Awesome
Best way to connect with my friends that are not on Facebook but love to text
Great app for group communication. Use daily.
Awesome. Easy.
I love this app... it allows me and my friends to chat in a group.
Use it to communicate with my staff. Extremely useful and much less cumbersome and easier to manage than group text messages.
I've been using groupme for about 6 months now, and it is great! I've created several different groups and it makes any type of planning so much easier. People can bounce ideas off each other, and this way no one forgets to text multiple recipients. Best app ever! No complaints :)
Great group texting app
Great way to talk with different groups of friends
Great way to talk with different groups of friends
Love it.
In happy
In happy
So conveniet cross platform
See above... It keeps me and my friends always up to date and coordinated without having to send individualized messages to everyone. Then everyone can see everyone replies
Love this application I us it every day
has made communicating so easy!
.
Helps us at work, and hasn't glitched.
Pretty awesome app
Love it. Its a great app that keeps me connected with my peeps all at once!!!
Very useful and convenient.
Very useful and convenient.
The best way to get everyone together to plan our ladies night out.
Great app
Just awesome
Love it...
Let's all the bar staff keep in touch and know what's going on. Easier than texting ten people to let them know we are out of something
I love this app. Keeps me intouch with family.
EXCELLENT APP!!! PLEASE color code individual chat boxes so everyone has a different color in group PLEASE...
fantastic for dicussion or just hangout...
Love it got five groups going get more attention from this app than do on tweet and fb
Excellent app.  The best part is the ease with which it integrates your contacts (Google, Facebook, Yahoo, phone, sim).  Easily adds itself with your Accounts and context menus.  Picks contacts from just about everything.  Adaptable as application program or SMS-mode for nonapp users.  Completely transforms your texting experience.  The best group text out there.....HANDS DOWN!
Works alright its what I wanted
Perfect for first responders to share info....
I use this app for my work group, lighting fast notifications and easy settings to sleep when not at work!
Way to many
Way to many
It doesn't work anymore. I get a notification but when I open it it says no data.
Its an excellent app for instant group messaging.
Me & my friends can now communicate all day & the emojicons are great
Great stay connected app.
Its awesome!
Keeps my work people in one chat friends in another and family in another
Its Dope! Follow me on Twitter @ImManniLLs
I love this app!  Its how I keep in contact with my friends all around the world!
I love this app!  Its how I keep in contact with my friends all around the world!
LOVE it! Me & my sisters live in different states so we all get to chat together on this! Its like we are all hanging out! !=D
The best app ever.  Its the one I use the most.  Keeps everyone in the know....thanks
This is very convenient and allows me to stay updated with everything going on at work and school! Great for anyone that is always on the run.
Didn't have group text, now u do. Bam.
My social club is really enjoying this app.....we stay in contact better here....
Cool
Even in Afghanistan
Awesome for group communication!  It had been priceless for unifing people across different geographical areas.
Great resource for communication
Perfect for group chats between people who have Androids and iPhones
Use it on the reg
This is my favorite app for texting and keeping in touch with my group of friends. It'd be great to be able to customize the look and layout of the chat rooms as well!
Great app! :)
excellent app. great for forming group chats
Great for friends looking to keep in touch as well as a classroom tool for collaboration. Love it!
Able to keep in touch with loved ones all over!!
I have a droidx2 and it works great!!
Keeps freezing, forceclosing, request timeout, this app sucks!
Easy app to install & use for group texts & communication. Love it!
Very useful in personal and businesses applications
We are dealing with a family crisis. It is a great way for us to give and receive updates and support one another in an intimate way, meaning only those who are part of the group receive the information  I love it!
This lets me keep my work, friends, and family in nice chatting circles and they don't collide with each other.
Great
I love this app!
Best group messaging app on Android but doesn't share articles through Groupme..  Tmo G2x
This app rocks and so does naja for setting it up!
Amazing group app. Me and my friends use it all the time.
Changed my life!
Does exactly what I want it to. Easily, too.
I love it
This is the greatest thing invented!!
Love this app amazing
Great way to keep groups in contact with each othee
A great way to keep in touch with multiple ones you love :)
Dope app for Legion Riderz
Very nice
Really cool
Great job guys
Great way to keep in touch on group trips, especially bachelor parties where its hard to keep track of everyone!
Great way to keep in touch on group trips, especially bachelor parties where its hard to keep track of everyone!
kool apps
kool apps
Great app to create rooms with friends... Seems to run great and doesn't kill my battery... Thanks
Luv it. Cool.
Great. HTC 1S
U can set up several different groups & very easy to use!
I am so happy that I don't have to be the middle man when going out.
I am so happy that I don't have to be the middle man when going out.
I'm not a power user, but it does exactly what I need it to, when I need it.
One of the best replacements for SMS and MMS to date.
One of the best replacements for SMS and MMS to date.
Product
Only wish more people used it.
I love this app soo much!
Love it
It's great! I love using this to communicate with my friends
Luv love this app.
Very clean UI, no crashes
Awesome
Exelent idea
Awesome chat
I still have a bb and this gives you the option to not recieve notifications or text on you phone (uaing on a galaxy tab )!
I still have a bb and this gives you the option to not recieve notifications or text on you phone (uaing on a galaxy tab )!
Saucesome.
We absolutely lovvvveeee ittttt
Love this app its better than txting
This app has changed the way I communicate with people. And it's so beautiful!
Very convenient!
I love this app. My friends and family and I use this app daily to chat, brainstorm, or whatever.
GREAT
Best app out!
Get it!
Get it!
Great app! Finally found what I'm looking for.
Helps me and my friends organize and schedule events and outings. I like it.
An easier way to put together girls nights ;)
Awesome app. Friends and I enjoy the features and regular updates.
So far no flaws and its been awesome with multiple members in our group.  Great way to chat with co-workers.
love it but still a few glitches
Awesome
Would like some customazation though
I sent several groups up now and it works wonderful for everybody.
Everyone should have this app!
Great!
Has never crashed. Easy to set up. Great job guys.
Has never crashed. Easy to set up. Great job guys.
No issues to date & a great help in sending "text" messages while flying.
This way you can chat with all your friends in one convo!.
This way you can chat with all your friends in one convo!.
This app is awesome! I'm keeping up with friends and committees across the country.
Works great whether you have the app or if you are just using the group text function. Very easy to use.
Does a good job!!
Wish it would refresh quicker sometimes
Great app
Great app for getting a study group together!
Sooo useful for managing a group of people, and it's great that you don't need the app or a smartphone to be a part of a group. Well done.
A great way to communicate the end of the world to all of your closest disciples. Would take hours to individually text "time to drink the coolaid" to 300 individuals.
Great job seamlessly
Love it! Keep up with all my bros and sisters thru the day, its fun and pretty hilarious!
Forget txtin person to person. With that he said, she said bs.  Groupme is amazing! Everyone in the group can interact with each other. I'm glad they have a like message button. But wish they fix the updates for the win7 phones. Or have the menus the same from Droids- iPhone.  Also needs a patch where we can upload videos!  Other that download this app!
Really useful and fun
I cant "reply all" in a group text as my friends do that have an iPhone. This makes our conversations easy and I love that we can invite people into the group.   UPDATED: 6/15 Keeps suggesting SMS & for me to  check my data connection. Not good!
A gotta have app!!
Love ittt
On android ice cream sandwich when installing and authentication from sms containing pin with Samsung galaxy s3. Cannot enter letters from pin only digits.. please fix.
Awesome app.
This app is awesome for keeping up with a group of people!  It offers so many more fun options than just sms. ;)
Love it!
I don't have an iPhone, Su this majesty group texting Su much easier. I love it!
Easy way to stay connected ever when you are not all together.
its better than the regular text messaging because i can set different ringtones for each friend/set of friends! its a great app
Use it all THE time
Great app
Excatly what I was looking for
Easy to use
I was a Kik user until i tried this .. So far so good! Doesn't seemt to kill the battery if vibrate notifications are turned off. Its like Kik with way more options and updates. Kik never seemed to update. The notifications per group is awesome! Mute one but not the other, setup vibrate notifications for one and not the other. Customize the logo for each group. Try it out! You'll love it!
Easy to use!
Easy to use!
Keeps sending me a 4letter pin instead of numbers so I can no longer use this app
I make a group for all of my bands.
Love this there is nothing better
really..good please to txt ..with friends..love it
A great communication tool for work and personal life.  Thank you, GroupMe!
The best way to stay in constant communication with your Fraternity Bothers and others that you need to communicate with all at once. Great form of communications.
As per title...   just look for me in open groups   lmao Oh..   and the apps not bad either..
Love this app ....... finally pound the stake in bb.
Love this app!!! Never have any problems....me and my closr friends from college are scatterd across TX, see each other every 6months this allows us to talk all at once daily!!! Thank you
Works well
Works well
A great way to keep in touch with all your closet friends despite what kind of phone they have
I love it  It is great!
I use this app everyday,  its amazing how easy it makes it to communicate to anyone and everyone
Gr8 app
I use it every day, very well designed. Great for work and family!
Use it to stand group messages at work have not had any issues with it
I didn't even know this existed and was invited into it and its nice! Connect your set of friends in different groups or co workers and it works great
Love it
Its a must to have if you tryin to keep stuff low key good app for that
If your looking to replace bbm because no one uses a blackberry anymore here you go...this app is amazing...does everything bbm does plus more and is on all devices... if your worried about the group limit just email their support and they will increase it for you!
Its easier to include and coordinate a large group of girls
Awesome
Work good on my galaxy note and tab..and also BB..
Awesome app that let's you stay in touch with friends and family even though they are miles apart from you.
This is pretty much I message from iPhone. This was all my phone was missing! Thank you great app! Would be great if we could use this as primary messaging app to! For like just one person.
A+
Good stuff
Great stuff
Great app to do group chats
Great for our teams to generate chatter!
Best group message app available.  Htc Rezound
Easily talk to your friends, great interface
Allows people whose phones don't allow them to send group messages to communicate, great features . work messaging board, roommate bulletin board it works for it all
Never fails me
Use it for my work to have work conversations and meetings. Wonderful! Also to chat with groups of friends
Love this app great way to keep in touch
I use it for work contacts. Works great!
Whether for work or personal use, this app is hands down the best sms chat style service, find I'm using groupme more than native sms msg app now!
It's great to keep in touch a groups of friends
amazing! great to group messege friends for free that have iPhones and they can download it too! love it
alternative for a whatsapp
The best app ever!
Love this app! Some friends of mine put me up on this because they use it to keep in touch with one another. Now me and my sorority sisters use it everyday and we never miss a moment in each others' lives!
Like it!
Best app. It makes it so easy to tell everyone something at the same time and it gets easy feedback. You can skip out relaying messages from others through texting!
Flawless
Great app...allows for easy communication for large and small groups. My only suggestion is for the app to allow for users w/o a phone number to join, like Voxer and Kik do. I have a friend serving overseas who can't chat w/ us using this app, although he can use the others I mentioned.
Easy to use. Intuitive interface and keeps me on touch.
Love it
This app is so helpful and works wonderfully
This app is great for easily communicating with multiple people. I use it for long term and short term group chats. Long term includes family, good friends to collaborate a meeting or night out. And my fellow gaming buddies to collaborate a time everyone is available to play online multi-player.   Short-term would be when communicating with people in a group at school when trying to complete an assigned project and schedule meetings. A lot easier than going back and forth with each different individual via text. Group me allows to communicate with everyone in the group via text message in a chat room format and the best thing is the other users don't even need a smartphone, just need to save the number as "group chat" or whatever they name it is fine.    Great!!
This is one of the most best ways to communicate with a selected group of people. I grouped all da ppl in my weddin, its awesome for communication!
I love this app!
Nice
Great way to communicate with multiple friends at once.
We use this a lot at work! Very useful...
You can keep up with what your team is doing. We use GroupMe to help each other all day. Works great.
it is the most awesomeness app ever!!!!
You get to talk to a group of friends.cool smiley faces
Love it!
Excellent app. Period.
Great for group sms. Wish that the initial sms would be the only one received if you haven't opted in.
Works great
The best app that doesnt cost you or your friends a penny!! Im overseas and im still connected with my friends in the US!
Allows me to talk to my frat brothers across the world everyday
Can chat with Droid, Blackberry and I Phone users. Highly recommend it!
I absolutely love this app and my family does too!
Great app for keeping in touch
Use this app @ work and it is awesome and the support team is very responsive. Our groups exceed built in limitations and they have extended the groups twice at our request. I would like to see the conference call feature come back as an option while setting up instead of having to email, just set up a new group and now I have to send an email to use this feature.
I talk to my whole family at once, it is great
Love it
Love it!!! Makes my busy life just a little easier!
I love it. I use it at work with my team
I love it. I use it at work with my team
:)
Awesome app!
Nice
Great App
Wonderful way to communicate with groups.
I love it
Love it!
Awesome app
keeping ppl in line
makes communicating with various groups if people a breeze!
Keeps everyone informed!
Great App!!
I use this constantly to have group chats for business, it has never let us down and works nicer than texting. Great job!
I use this constantly to have group chats for business, it has never let us down and works nicer than texting. Great job!
Must have for all business owners.
Great app
Great app
I've only been using it 2 Weeks but it's been perfect, except the map never works.
I don't know why everyone doesn't use this! Great for group collaborating or just chatting with a group of friends all at once. Amazing app. No issues. And you can use the app or sms mode. Amazing. I love this thing! Makes it easy to keep in touch!
it's awesome
I love it
Best app ever! Very useful
Best app ever! Very useful
Guys, try clicking on the push notification. It will tell you why it's there, and you can turn it off in the settings.
This convenient for work. I love this app. We have had no issues!
GRREAT way 2 keep a grip a heads n line wift errythang poppin love it
I love this I can connect with team breezy easy
Won't work with my google voice number
great for making plans and keeping in touch with a group of friends
great app
Great app
It helps our group stay connected. Love it!
This app is awesome for keeping in touch w multiple groups of ppl
Loving it!
I love groupme!  It's amazing
My favorite app out there right now...
Fast, easy to use and great support!
... I wish this app would stop automatically going to the bottom when a new text comes in while I'm reading older texts!
... I wish this app would stop automatically going to the bottom when a new text comes in while I'm reading older texts!
Great app, very efficient!
Im not receiving groupme pin and its been nearly a month..saaad service..
Can u add music, video, and word file transfer?  Other than that, this app is the truth!
Great way to keep on touch with friends when texting is so popular. Can easily plan happy hours or just have idle chit chat with s bunch of friends!!!
Fantastic way to mass contact or keeping a few in the loop. Works with a mixture of contacts using smart phones and sms. Droid X
Great way for me to contact to my sorority sisters and not have to text everybody individually. You have to download the app so you will not get a million text messages coming in at once and you will be able to "silence" it.
Cool app great for friend chat
Not notify of new comments within the chat groups. I have to physically open the app for the group chat to update
I see this app is simple but very useful
Love this app!!!!
It works great!! Its like chatting without texting people individually..
Very good app to be able to have group chats
Works great for my business!  Everyone knows whats going on.  No need to repeat.
I use groupme more than any other app out there so easy to use and so useful
Works like charm
Real nice app.
Good app for work
the bestttt appp
the bestttt appp
the bestttt appp
Is awesome! :D
Great....
Comes in handy. I love this app
Comes in handy. I love this app
Great app, but I don't know how to add my friends to my contacts list.
Great app, but I don't know how to add my friends to my contacts list.
Great app, but I don't know how to add my friends to my contacts list.
Works great. Been having conversation with friends for month now
An amazing app.  I roleplay with all my friends on here.  The only thing that bothers me is the other people have to have this app too.  But besides that, it's great.
It doesn't blow my mine or anything but there's no reason to not give it 5 stars.  It's a useful app but you should take advantage of the mute button at night
This isn't an ap to send a mass text. It is a group chat ap that allows every person to see every other person's reply...
Great App! I can finally group text!
Great App! I can finally group text!
Great app but can you please update it and allow memory to be switched to SD card?? Please and thank you
Easy to use and set up. Works flawlessly!
Works perfect and the developers worked with me when I asked them for assistance
Very effective for our church & the college students we pick up every Sunday. Thx 4 keeping it simple!
Good
Got a group of friends? Hate having to text them individually for shindigs? This fixes that
This app is a huge asset to my remote sales teams, also allows me to stay in touch wity my friends. Wish theyd bring back the conf call feature.
Easy to use! Doesn't interfere with standard sms.
Great App for families and Friends
No bugs as of yet. Great/simple interface and very user friendly.
No bugs as of yet. Great/simple interface and very user friendly.
Great app!!!!!
I SOOO love this app..It is really THE best way to get keep in touch with friends..I recently got pulled over by a State Trooper, and I notified my group, all my friends were on alert..Best App EVER..
Works great
Works great
Works great
I don't always get my notifications.
Better than Beluga!!
Absolutely invaluable
Great for.. Everything!!!
I do not have an iPhone so now I can finally group text wih my family. I have 3 sisters and they group text all day long. Now I can follow the conversations and.respond to all. This is great!  On their iPhones it still comes in as regular text messages too!
Really helps because all my friends have iPhones.
Great app
Cool to have with good group of old friends
Works great for everything I need it to do
this app provides great communication for business as well as my personal life. Love it!
Love this app!
I like it, its a lot better and safer then the app "textplus"
Fun useful app
Love it HTC EVO
You can limit your circle and keep the chatter amongst friends. This app has revolutionized text messaging, and made the world even smaller. Information flow is now on superhyperlightspeedoverdrive.
Easy to use, free, and convenient. Only sucks for people without unlimited texts.
Easy to use, free, and convenient. Only sucks for people without unlimited texts.
Great app keeps everyone in touch
Great way to keep in touch with a small or large group of friends or coworkers. Great for reunions / planning one in person!!
Works great
Easiest way to talk to a large group of people at once.
I absolutely love this app! It makes Band and Family planning and communicating easier!!!
Luv it
I love being able to chat with my friends sooo easy!!
Makes organizing events easy!
Love this app.
Woooo
Great for hazing pledges
Very user friendly app. It worked really well with a group I had w US and Aus employees. Now used by Bamboosk8 daily.
pls bring back conference calling
Does just what I need it to do
This app is amazing
Best App! Really Great App if you dont have Cable, WiFi, or Friends
GM Has changed how I chat , been using as a forum with sports buddy and they love it.
GM Has changed how I chat , been using as a forum with sports buddy and they love it.
Super cool app, easy to use, nice ui. I used it instead of receiving groupme SMS messages and really liked it, however, it killed my battery life in half or more. Would give 4.5 stars for sole reason of battery killer, but 4.5 rounds up to 5 in my book. -Galaxy S2.
I have been looking for an app that would allow me to continue to group message with family members who have an iPhone but I wanted an app that wouldn't require them to download anything because it is annoying to switch between apps for message.  This app works great because it does just that. I created a group using the app and then it created a number for the group allowing everyone to be on the same group tread.
I use it daily!!!
I use it daily!!!
Luv it
I love that its free ..
The cross platform capabilities of this communication app really shine a light on the darkness that is vertical markets.  Extremely effective and easy to use.
Runs a little slow at times but otherwise we love this app!
Does all I want it to...
Force closes all the time, during calls, texting, just having my phone on and not doing anything with group me it just force closes like 100 times a day. Uninstalling.
Force closes all the time, during calls, texting, just having my phone on and not doing anything with group me it just force closes like 100 times a day. Uninstalling.
A must have, especially if you like to group chat.
This is exactly what we need all those  that don't like sharing all you're life in Facebook :P
Group texting rules!
The app is great me and my friends are crazy and it keeps us close.
The app is great me and my friends are crazy and it keeps us close.
group texting is so annoying, but this groupme app made life so peaceful.  I can mute my friends so i don't have to hear then ramble on in deep discussions into the wee hours
My friends and I use this all the time to plan group outings or just to talk, I highly recommend it!
That's all.
Way better than mass text messages. I can see everyone's response in the same message. No more going back and forth b/t conversations.
very helpfull for planing trips !!
Love it!
Superb  messaging app. This app is available on ios,blackberry,windows phone , android, and on the web so it can be use with everybody no matter what phone they are using.Just would like to be able to text people without the app
Love it
Excellent.  Quicker than email.
Love it. Great for communicating with family and coworkers at one time
Legit
Allows you to communicate with a lot of people very easily!!!!
my friend told me about groupme, its awesome.but blackberries it sucks
I love it!
Love the easy interface! Great for work and personal use
Love that I can keep in touch with my girls from all around the world.  Love we can all chat together on here
Love that I can keep in touch with my girls from all around the world.  Love we can all chat together on here
No complaints. Does what says it does to it's simplicity...
I love it!!!
Notifications seem to not update consistently lately. Hoping an update will make this go away.
It would also be nice to be able to post videos in the chat as well.
Great to connect with friends
This can be hilarious when you get a group together. Sleep mode is very useful when your phone starts going crazy with messages from everybody!
Makes group communication easier
Makes group communication easier
Have been using this app for over a year.
Others don't have to install the application. They receive regular texts. You can also chat online through the site. You can add and remove people at will, mute chats and a whole bunch more. Way better than iOS group messaging. I'm recommending this app to all my friends!
Showed to my friends and I instant message them all the time now!
Allows me and my girls to chat. Does exactly what it says
Allows me and my girls to chat. Does exactly what it says
It is very convenient
Awesome app, everybody can stay in touch regardless of provider!
Thank you it is perfect
Loves this way to communicate with a group of people without others in my business...
Fantastic!
Great to stay in communication with friends and family.
So good
Its awesome/epic
This app has helped so much, use it with group projects and sports teams and I can't imagine a better way to stay connected
Great for business partners or family!!! I love the updates (u can like a comment similar to fb). This is sooooo efficient!!!
I love this app!!
I have no complaints about this app. It does everything you want a messanger app to do flawlessly!!!
Great app!
Great chatroom-like app to communicate with a group no matter what size. No problems. Droid incredible.
Great idea and brilliant execution.
Pics load quickly; sending and receiving. Videos are the same. I'm in a group with 20+ and no delay in getting messages. You can share files, pics, video...pretty cool app. Great for group projects or informal interoffice communication.
Its awesome! Simply the best!!!
Awesome
Works great, even if someone else doesn't have app/ is on another os
I love keeping in contact with all my family and close friends with this app!
Just wish when u opened it it would start from the last message you read instead of scrolling away back to find out what you missed.But great for groups all the same.
Good
Easy convenience
Awesome
I can really talk to all my friends at once, I love it
I love this app. I manage 2 retail stores and this allows me to stay connected with all my associates.
Very helpful especially for organization communication. Will recommend.
Very helpful especially for organization communication. Will recommend.
Works great!
I don't know google did do this in the first place, but this is the best, especially if your contacts have it installed, and I especially love that I can keep up on line without my phone on
Great for chatting with a lot of people and customizing your own personal group
Great app that allows you to communicate with people whom have different phone carriers, all at once, and actually receive the messages in the same thread!
I love this app. It does everything I need it to and I haven't noticed any issues with it yet.
Only thing missing group video chat...
the best group communication app in the world other people in your group are not even required to download the app that is fantastic
Great app to keep iPhone and Android users together
Awesome app
Excellent, does what it says.
Really love this app. Don't know what else to say...its awesome!
Grat for church
Better than a message board. Able to communicate instantly as an actual group vrs via text!
I love this app would be even cooler if you got to use your own number
I love this app would be even cooler if you got to use your own number
Great A+
I love it...its perfect
Keep it fresh
Awesome way to stay connected
Love the app works great
Great for communicating with coworkers !
This app rules for group chat!
I love this app...i got all my friends on it.
This.is what I've been long waiting for! :-D
Great for groups
Does everything u would want it to do
Does exactly as advertised! Useful when contacting groups of friends about plans :)
Great app for Biz and Pleasure
Great app for Biz and Pleasure
Fills the gap nicely between text and social media.
Awesome
Love it. Everyone that likes to function should get this. Helpful and fun
I use this app in my personal and professional life and it makes it really easy to communicate!
Love it!!!
Great app, i love it, like my buddy said, its like instagram & twitter in one, i use it for work, ministry, family, friends, whatever. You'll love it too
Great app, i love it, like my buddy said, its like instagram & twitter in one, i use it for work, ministry, family, friends, whatever. You'll love it too
This is wonderful. I can send a message to all my ppl only once. PERFECT! Does what I need it to do!!
BEST GROUP MESSENGER!!!
Let's me chat with all my friends and we can plan things better.
Excellent way to communicate w/ fam, friends & coworkers!
Excellent way to communicate w/ fam, friends & coworkers!
Wonderful app. I love that I could txt all my girls at the same time and we would all know what's going on. Makes life easier!!!
This was really really useful for work and my band!
Love love love this app.
Works well
Works well
keeps our group of friends connected.  wish it had a calendar to which we could add our events, but really, it is great!
absolutely love this app, but what happened to the conference call function? this was the best way to talk to all my friends at once!
Great
I use to give this a higher rating until I realized they took away the call feature. Please put it back... It made this app WHOLE.
I love this app. I have serveral groups and they all are working great and it keeps us connected.
Awesome app
Its awsome!
Very good 5/5
We use it to post pics of our work schedule. You can see the pic anytime, so no more missed shifts... way easier than having a phone list to go through and ask to cover your shift!! Love groupme!!
Does exactly what i need with the people i talk to most.  clean usable UI and doesnt hog a ton  of resources.
No more hassle with multiple texts and miscommunication. Very easy to use and fun. Get it
Love it!
Love it and easy to talk to everyone at once
Newest version fixed my bugs! Love it!
Very useful
Loved it on the iphone. Love it even more on the note
Awesome group messaging
Awesome group messaging
Love it
Love it
Loving the system and wondering about privacy issues but like the use.
I love using it to group chat.
Great app to stay in touch with groups!!
Best for groups of people and setting up plans with friends!
Sometimes the back button closes the app instead of closing a group, but overall, a fantastic app
Excellent app for multi-unit business mgmt and personal groups. Gets better with each update and is rock solid.
Cool app just another way to text ur bffs!
Easy to use and I like how the group talk is. Recommended for people to download it.
Great times reconnecting with friends! Convos become interesting to say the least.
Now I can talk to all my ppl all at once love this app
Great organized way to keep in contact with organizations and close friends
Good!
Awesome app for my job
Used GroupMe to keep up with coworkers at a conference and it was great!  No getting left out of the chain and those of us with metered SMS could use the app instead - even when wifi only in the basement.  ICS 4.0.3 on Captivate.
Awesome
And its free!
Awesome App to stay in touch
Me and my friends been using this app for long time, is always updating stuff and esay to used!
Awesome app!  Perfect for mass texts!
Awesome app!  Perfect for mass texts!
Mamalona la app
Supa
Very useful. Everyone should have this
Awesome app a must have for group projects. Truly keeps people on the same page. Small issue with people who have the app installed being notified late I.e. when they open the app again... Keep it up guys
Unlimited people in groups.
Great app! No longer pay for texting, and I am always in touch with family and friends.
I use this app for business and it works very well for me.
This is much more useful than novel. Nice job. Recent update solved all my issues, but, have trouble with server cnx.??
I think it's better than palringo. No voice option but is far more customizable for free.
I use this app/service pretty much every day, it's a great concept and I really love it. The only thing I could ask for is they add the option that allows a message to be sent by text message IF it fails to send through a data connection. That's my only problem with it.
Great, helpful app!
It's great for secret convos between me and my sisters
It sometimes has errors. So annoying.
When you don't want everyone on Facebook to see it, send a Groupme.
When you don't want everyone on Facebook to see it, send a Groupme.
I absolutely love this app. You can have multiple groups, post pictures,videos. It's great!!
I love this app thumbs up great concept.
What a great tool to orchestrate a get-together. No longer do you need the middle man doing all the work, now everyone is on the same page.
The best...PERIOD
The convo hasn't stopped since day one
Love it.
Excellent way of communicating!!!
Way better that google+
Clean ui, great features
Good job
Nice app
Love it
Love it
Ballin
So easy to use, love it
Great app hands down.
Works great on my phone. Works as intended.
great communication app!! always works great and fast no problems!! recomend :)
This is really good! I'm surprised by the fact it uses very little resources unlike viber/whatsapp. You can set up groups and message everyone in the group in one go (like twitter) Also noticed that you can use straight from your browser on the PC logging in via Facebook.
Good
Great!
A1
Best
I think this app is great!!! Hands down, I use this app the most and have got plenty of people on it. Definitely a 5 star rating.
I think this app is great!!! Hands down, I use this app the most and have got plenty of people on it. Definitely a 5 star rating.
I love the way you can silence notifications and just check it rather than getting group texts
Awresome
Love it
Once you drop out of a group you cant get back in that same group. Nothing u do will work at that point. You have to start a whole new group and re invite
Amazing!
Great assett
Great assett
Great app.
Great way to communicate with a group of people. I do it for work and with my group of friends
It is extremely useful and well thought out. Thanks, GroupMe!
It is extremely useful and well thought out. Thanks, GroupMe!
Very handy
It's so easy to use and a great way to group text.
I love GroupMe
Been lagging lately but a great app!
Greatt for bigger groups!! Thank you!!
My friends and family with iPhones, Androids, and dumb phones can all conveniently communicate using GroupMe. This is a must-have!
This app allows the whole family to stay updated
One of the more useful apps for phones that do not fully support group chats -Dinc2
One of the more useful apps for phones that do not fully support group chats -Dinc2
One of the more useful apps for phones that do not fully support group chats -Dinc2
Nice and fun app
Great business app
Great business app
Great business app
Yeah
Me & my girls can group chat all at once! I love it!
This app is like a custom chat room across platforms. Amazing app. Keep it up.
Great way to communicate with a group of people
Will continue to use until something better comes along.  Does not let you "Delete" messages(Direct messages), only "remove" for device.  Messages will still be viewable on other devices.  They "OWN" your conversation.  So please be careful what you text about.  Recommend not text private matter.  Other than that a good group chat app. Going to try "Kik Messenger", friends pointed out the option to delete message.
Great app for keeping in touch with everyone!
Love it.
This is great!
Works great.
I can do group chat with my friend. They all have drifrent phones. Love it but at times will froze and have to reset.
Pretty cool :)
Love it!
Love it i
Stars are free so I gave 5
I love this app me and my family uses this and we love it you send a IM to everyone at one time.
Works perfect, no bugs. Like the "likes"
Dude! I can talk to my peoples all at once. Perfecto.
Love it!!! This is fantastic app to chat with friends & family at the same time. Use on Droid Galaxy Nexus.
Love it!!! This is fantastic app to chat with friends & family at the same time. Use on Droid Galaxy Nexus.
Its been 3 weeks. N even the customer service just closes my request without even solving it. It's so frustrating. I live on India. If it is not working in India. Please just say or reply instead of keeping quiet and not giving a pin. Also if the pin is not arriving over SMS can't u give it if we give our number
Awesome
Great app
This app is the best! I use it for group projects, friends and even my family. Love it!
Makes texting simple!
Works incredibly well for our family. Texts and pics are easily shared.
An extremely good app. Work well with Samsung Galaxy S2.
Does what i want it to do any is idiot proof
I love this app
Great app, the only problem I have is that messages cannot be deleted. Other than that its quality to stay in easy touch with all co-workers and friends.
Great app, the only problem I have is that messages cannot be deleted. Other than that its quality to stay in easy touch with all co-workers and friends.
Makes it easy to organize events with multiple people
Use it everyday
Use it everyday
It's really good and I'm liking it
Our family (who are all over North America) uses it daily! Love that you can attach pics, love the emotes & love that you can participate on a desktop too! Great free app!
Our family (who are all over North America) uses it daily! Love that you can attach pics, love the emotes & love that you can participate on a desktop too! Great free app!
Our family (who are all over North America) uses it daily! Love that you can attach pics, love the emotes & love that you can participate on a desktop too! Great free app!
This app i great to keep in contact with all my sister!!!!!
I marked all the negative reviews as spam... tired of the morons
Highly recommend!
Its just a chatroom for friends you know.... but that in itself is pretty awesome. Works great for bands planning band meetings or upcoming shows or ideas.
Love this app
Love it
Helps groups plan events on the go.
Awesome App. Thankyou for yet another brilliant, free app xD
Love this app it makes it easy for me to keep in contact with all my different groups of friends :)
Works fantastic.....i love it
Excellent
Works great!
Works great. Best thing since BBM.
Realllyyyy good for keeping in touch with eachother..without having to txt individually...pic upload is quick and easy!
Great app
I love it. Its pretty good and works well
Mann...GroupMe is great...whether it's for social purposes or semiprofessional ones, the app serves its purpose.  The Support Team's also willing to work with you when getting in contact with them...don't let the 25 member cap be the reason you down this app.
This app is great for staying in contact with my close group of friends from college. It lets you seamlessly communicate with one another. I highly recommend it.
Great updates and the app gives you all of the best opportunities to communicate with friends/business partners.
Very nice app! Helps with big groups.
Our sports team loves this app. It is a great way to communicate and keep everyone on the same page.
Great
Love it! Everyone feels included, I don't have to send the same message to 8 different people, and everyone can join in the convoy/get the same info!
Very easy to use. But, notifications can drive you mad in large groups.  Just silence them.
Group chat limit is more than that of WhatsApp.. nice
Good
Love it
Works like it needs to.
I love it!
Love groupme. Perfect way to manage a business. !!
Great!!
Love it!!! I use it with my sorority sisters and its amazing!!!!
I absolutely love the app I can talk to all my mates at once on my phone!
I absolutely love the app I can talk to all my mates at once on my phone!
Love this app!
The fact that friends who don't use the app can participate via sms makes this a killer app. I can't imagine anyone who couldn't use this.
I've been using it none stop since I got it
I've been using it none stop since I got it
Works flawlessly..makes contacting my organizations effortless
Nice apparently for group messaging / chatter.  **Unfortunately no WP7 support.
Great way to communicate
Works great
Great app to keep groups together, work, school or friends
because that would simply be badass.
Awesome app
Awesome app
I can send one text to multiple folks and it doesn't get lost from one person to the next. Plus everyone knows the information. Can be a big party room.
It does what it was created to do. No extras
This is perfect for what I needed for.
Great app for talking to multiple ppl @ once!!! I use it for work related & personal purposEd
Love it
Love it
Perfect and flawless
Allows easy way to keep up with my sales team with out using up my phone's resources.
Great for instant group status updates
Coolest app ever!!!! Keeps my girls and I connected even tho we're all miles apart!
Coolest app ever!!!! Keeps my girls and I connected even tho we're all miles apart!
Works as expected!
Very easy to use.
Excellent app, keeps my day entertained with group contact with friends, super fun & funny!!
!!!
Slick interface. Works great!
We love it
Awesome app..... I luve it
Love this appp
Excellent
We use the app at work across several different devices, including Android, iPhone, and Blackberry. Works great on the Nexus, Razr, Droid 4, Incredible...  (Sends each msg as a txt on Blackberry, which was annoying)
Nice
Nice
This app is great. I  like it because you can talk to a bunch of people a t the same time.
Awesome!
works great.
I've been looking for something better than Whatsapp and I think I found it with this. It works with a wide range of phones and I've also used the online portal which is very well polished. Great work guys.
High quality group msg app!!
A wonderful app that allows you to create and chat within different groups.  Excellent if you don't have unlimited texting.  Saves time, gets the message out there in masses!
Great to do with a special clique of friends or coworkers
Makes my social life so much easier lol..
Makes my social life so much easier lol..
Makes my social life so much easier lol..
Makes my social life so much easier lol..
Use this to keep in touch with family abroad and organize events
Mantaff
Mantaff
Like making chat rooms for people you know.. pretty cool to blast everyone at the same time.
One of the best apps
I love this App....I keep in touch with my clear friends and family by Groupme since I don't have a Facebook!:)
Works incredibly
I use it more than Facebook
Great
Great app.. group chats much more efficient than one-on-one.  Easy to setup and uses either sms or data
This is wonderful! It has been a big help in planning and coordinating my class trip. It has created new relationships and built old ones.
This is wonderful! It has been a big help in planning and coordinating my class trip. It has created new relationships and built old ones.
I really hate the notification on send, hopefully that becomes optical..
Best app to keep everyone on the same page. I use it for work and socially. Allows those with IOS and Android to communicate in group text with ease.
Great software for instant communication
Great for my business contacts to keep every everyone on the same page. Also great for brainstorming and organizing events!
Great app with options!
For friends and new ventures!!!!
perhaps you know Whatsapp already. GroupMe much better than Whatsapp
Use it
I never used any group chat before it was/is a gr8 first experience.
"For anyone starting a business or running a project, it is a think tank for creative idea sharing" - The Profit
This app is the truth
This app is the truth
Nuff said
Awesome app i dont even text anymore :) I can talk to all my friends at once
Authentication fails and cant receive sms in alternative method ... Crap.. Uninstalling..
Really good app!! :) Love it!!
Really good app!! :) Love it!!
Fun and helps to organize friends
Other than that. Great app!
Other than that. Great app!
Me and a group if my friends use this constantly, its great!
By the way, I am awesome for utlizing this and thinking about this app before it was introduced to the world!   RICK ANTONOFF
I think this is great it work best when u have a bunch if ppl no need for individual texts u can see everyone text at one time.....
Great for organizing events and staying in touch on group trips that always seem to split up!
I just do not wanna give my number
I LOVE group me! Its awesome and well put together!!!!!
A very neat refreshing competitor to WhatsApp. Not bad.  Only flaw is with adding people to groups from contacts list, requires country code before the phone number. Should be able to autodetect, rather.
Works well for planning with groups. Everyone knows what everyone says.
Works well for planning with groups. Everyone knows what everyone says.
its good to chat in groupme than texting
Easy way to keep in touch with my friends in this crazy smartphone era.
Use it all day every day!
Got separate groups for home work and band.   Great way to discuss things in real time.
Boooomed on em
I love this app. Great App! Join in our group.
This little all is very very useful when trying to communicate as a group, or for planning group events. Everyone has a say!
Perfect for group chats
Perfect for group chats
great app...so far.
This is how my fam and I stay in contact...soooo cooooool
Great communication tool
Groupme helps my sales team to communicate on a regular basis. Loving it!
Great way to keep in touch with friends
Awsome app
Awsome app
Great app!
Good app
This app is AweSomeness!! My online book club uses this app and we LOVE it, it was the best thing 4 us as a group of ladies who love jawjackin & reading (:
Love this app. Kewl way to chat with friends and family instantly while in different states. Also excellent way to give notifications to multiple people at once.
I love this app.
Pretty nice being able to chat with multiple people at the same time with them all seeing the same messages.
It's pretty amazing. Not a single glitch so far and works fine. Keep up the good work and I look forward to unforseen updates and upgrades.
Really awesome app! It helps me really keep in touch with my friends around the country in a quicker and easier way.
Amazing app .. Really helpful thank you.. I would give it a 10 if there was
Amazing app .. Really helpful thank you.. I would give it a 10 if there was
Amazing app .. Really helpful thank you.. I would give it a 10 if there was
Amazing app .. Really helpful thank you.. I would give it a 10 if there was
Freakin awesome  Greatest networking tool ever  If you have a team that you want constant communication with the you need this app
Great app that helps me manage my real estate team
Love  this app. Good for talk to people who use wifi
Great app. Straightforward. Nice features like pics and emoji. Great for continuous engagement. Let's hope skype doesn't muck this one up.
No problems, but haven't used extensively or for a long period.
Great app!   Can communicate  with co-works quick
This app is perfect even to message users who do not have this app.
Completely revolutionized the way coorporate leaders talk to eachother.  Keeps families in touch.  Rekindles cliques of friends whom have sinced lost touch.  Love it!  Only needs clearer menues and more customizeable interface.  Awesome stuff.
Great
Don't know why it took me so long to find it but I use it everyday.
Thanks Skype.. :-)
Haven't had any problems yet. It works great & will still get to someone who doesn't have the app
Awesome app!!!
Great app!!!
Did they discontinue the conference call feature??
This app is well worth getting.
Menus are a little confusing, sort of odd layout. But it's excellent for communicating with co workers out close friends!
Convenient. Fun. Fast.
Love it for keeping in touch and notifying events
Fantastic!
...for peeps who send out group messages frequently, and for people who are more private
Wont send me the verification code
This is fast and effecient...love it!
Great for communication to the field
The best messaging app imo. There's just one feature I'd like to see as a EU user: better phone number recognition. The app doesn't recognize phone numbers in my address book if they have dashes, the way AOSP ROMs format it, or unless it has the country prefix, which is almost never used for national calls here in Europe. Add this and there's nothing better out there!
does the job
Love it
Only complaint is sometimes I can't share things. One example is from the pulse app. Then again every now and then it will let you
Simple, doesn't get in the way, easy to use.
Yo
Terrible once chat groups exceed 6 members
Started using this after facebook crapped all over beluga. Excellent alternative and way better then facebook messenger!
Love it! Totally useful if ur constantly in touch with a certain group of friends
Love it! Totally useful if ur constantly in touch with a certain group of friends
Great app for family and friends to remain connected instantly..Would like to be able to send pictures.
Does exactly what you want it to
i cant get verification code yet waiting from 4hour:-(
Best.thing.ever.
Way less intrusive than texts and allows everyone to participate even Android folks, in reply to all discussions
Does what It says
Great app!
I use this app everyday
Great tool for organizing group events and bringing a  group closer together.
Trementa aplicacion. Le doy 5 estrellas por los features q tiene, pero me gustaria que tuviese mas cosas...
I have a couple of groups & my family loves it to keep in touch easier.
Great for organizing plans ,meetings, and sharing photos
Great for organizing plans ,meetings, and sharing photos
I love this app. Very useful.
Great app all my friends joke and crack meet up and all on this lol
Great application!!!! I use it to comunicate with my staff@  work. It let's us all stay in the loop.
Great!!
Works great on all platforms. I use it with alot of groups. Recommend for anyone with a large group of friends
Best group chat app out there.
Great app
Super sick
Seriously awesome
Best app ever!
Best app ever!
Great app to keep your crew all together and no cost for texts anymore. Thanks
When there was an earthquake group me was the only thing that I was able to get messages out on.
Love it
I'm connecting with old groups of friends more than ever! Easy to use, intuitive. Could do a better job explaining that if user doesnt install the app ALOT of texts will come across.
I love it
Good app. Its better than trying to forward everyone a msg.
Great app friends & I greatly enjoy it.
GREAT APP... VERY CONVENIENT!!!
We love this AP
Definite MUST HAVE!!!Makes it incredibly easy to KIT with everybody, esp family! One of the BEST apps!!!
Beasty App! But if member amount was larger would be perfect
Awesome for group texts....
Awesome for group texts....
Easy to use. Great app when dealing with multiple people.
Great app.
This app rocks!   Used for the last three ski trips, can't think of a better way to round up the group!
Great for BFF and family chats. Great for planning events and staying in touch!
This app is awesome...no more mass text, miscommunication or confusion, thanks to GroupMe!
This app allows consitant communication amongst the members of several groups with which I am involved. Everyone is "in the know" and we all receive the same information.
this app is awesome
A lot of fun
Use it for work and personal. Super useful
Great app for out of meeting conversation.
It works great.
Love it
Great application...easy to use.   Our group loves it. Thanks.
So easy and convenient! I have a group for church, my sisters, in-laws, & friends. We are all on one page and no one is left in the dark. LOVE IT!!
Awesome way to stay in touch with your select groups of contacts! I use it for working with my group @ school and its perfect
Great app
I'm able to chat with someone using an ipad. It's great!
Can't live without it
Can't live without it
Its awesome. I use it with my church group. We love it
I love this app. Much easier and faster than mass txts.
Its a great app great for planning!
Love the fact I can do conferencing calling as well as group chat
This makes meeting with my groups so easy and doesn't require use exchanging numbers. Long as they have groupme ita simple
Good for work keeps everybody motivated and you don't have to send 20 text
It us so nice to be able to talk like everyone is in the room with you and see all the responses from everyone.
After only 1 day, prob my new favorite app!
Makes it soooo much easier to text a group of people at once.  Works amazingly!! (:  Def recommend!!
This is the best app ever....I've never had so much with an app before....I can keep u wig all my family and friends
RicherPryorEnt uses GroupMe
What a great app!!!! Fun, convenient, feels like a modern day chat room. Except with better emoticons :)
If this app  was a woman I give it a ten  and make love to it
A complete necessity. - Galaxy Nexus
Great app when I need to talk to my friends who have iPhones and chat as a group.
Love this app. Works reliably. Simple UI.
Good not great substitution for Beluga
I love it, groups of my choosing, what more can you ask for
Use for business. Awesome!
Awesome app! The option to choose whether the group txts can be sent over your data connection or sms is great.
Love this app, is so easy to communicate with the people you want.
Very easy, and convenient for every part of life!
Works great on galaxy S
I love it!
Great quality app.
Use this for several group SMS lists.  Very useful.  Have used this for over 6 months.
Love this app. Makes it easy to message everyone at once and we all get to read the other's response.
I use this app more then text
Does everything I need it to do.
Great app
Great way to stay connected
Great!!!!!
One of the best messaging apps. Never fails always very quick  -galaxy nexus
Awesome
Great app!
I've had little to no probs with this app. Works across platforms and with each update gets better!
Recommend
Recommend
Awesome app
This is the best group text app anywhere
Htc sensation. This app is so awesome. Now I can group chat my friends. Save me time to group chat rather then send the same message to 5+ people.
Best app out there. Been using it for over a year and it keeps getting better and better
Works very well.  Great for organizing and compartmentalizing group discussion.
Works very well.  Great for organizing and compartmentalizing group discussion.
Works real well. droid incredible
Luv it!! *Samsung Vibrant*
So far so good.. No complaints really..
I love the group chat option.  That is the only reason I use it.
I love the group chat option.  That is the only reason I use it.
Great app
Great texting app!
I use it to group msg my team and so far everything is on point. I work with a team of producers and whenever I need to msg them, instead of SMS or in social networks which sometimes the responses come late, therefore I use this to get reply in real time, no delays! 5 stars
Easy to stay in touch with friends
Love it! Very convenient at times
Best way to group message!
It's a great way to do group therapy....lol
Just like Beluga! Great group or one-on-one conversations. Eg; coordinating plans, attending social gatherings, daily gossip) and the best part of this app is that it is FREE!
Love it
Fricken rocks!
Love it
Let's me keep in touch with my friends easily.
I use this app everyday, absolutely awesome!
Fun
Fun
Fun
Good for group conversations without having to meet up I luv it
Awesome
This app works perfectly. Works kind of like a chat room just for the people you invite and is a great way to stay in touch with friends and family.
Great app
Great way of communicating with friends, family, and associates
Super easy to use, photo and cross platform capabilities make it stellar.
Super easy to use, photo and cross platform capabilities make it stellar.
Groupme app is great...would be nice if there was calendar feature
So helpful!
for work. Easy to organize events amongst friends too. Use it every day.
The "only" downside (if even counts as one) is that pics can only be inserted from mobile app, not from web interface... That's it... almost 100% perfect!!!
Love this app !  Keep up the great design and improvements.
Used some competitors but Groupme is the best especially the support for multiple devices and the website.
Love it
First class app.
Awesome
Awesome
One of my favorite apps ever!
I love this app. He helps consolidate time and energy. I go to school 21hrs away from home and hardly see my entire family, this allows us to all share in each others days!
Love it!
Reached out to support a few days ago and haven't heard back.  No matter what I try I cannot open pictures that are sent in chats. Hoping it gets better soon.
Love this app !! One of the best ok the market
Would have six stars if audio/vibrate notifications worked while viewing conversations. Having to back out of convo just to know about notifications isn't too bad but would seem to be a simple fix.  Droid incredible2, droidX, Droid2, Droid3, iPhone4s
Love it!
I use this app to organize my cycling team. People who want texts get them, while others enjoy the app on nearly any model of phone. It can't be beat for keeping large groups on the same page.
Awesome app! Super useful for group coordinating
It works perfectly!
A fantastic way to communicate as a group across multiple carriers and device platforms. Love that I can so easily group chat from an Android with iOS users. Easy to use, consistently works.
A fantastic way to communicate as a group across multiple carriers and device platforms. Love that I can so easily group chat from an Android with iOS users. Easy to use, consistently works.
i like
Enough said
This app has allowed for me to stay intouch with everything that's going on at work in one spot.
This app has allowed for me to stay intouch with everything that's going on at work in one spot.
I use it more than messaging!
One  of the apps out there...Great!
Works great! Galaxy Nexus
Works great! Galaxy Nexus
This is great! No more hassle in emailing everyone. Just have GroupMe!
Free way to converse with ur friends. U can use the app or just text msg.
Free way to converse with ur friends. U can use the app or just text msg.
Great UI, great responsiveness.
This app makes communicating with co-workers instant and get the same message, at the same time! Great idea!
Great app...want to keep in contact with multiple people...for multiple purposes at one time? This app is great...I have a group with my work peers...my family, my friends and my team...no pesky group texting....like chat rooms for your phone
Very easy to communicate with a lot ppl....sweet app!!
Great for group texts.
Excellent for group chats...  A must have!!!
I'm using this app primarily for group chat for 20 people like bbm group. Great app allow all phones from iPhone to Droid to blackberries to join no problems. The app is better than sms
I've been using groupme now for almost a year and it just keeps getting better.  The best app to use for organizing a bunch of friends who may be scattered all over the place.
Battery killer but having mad fun with it
If you want to chat in a group this is a must...
I love it! I use it for so many things, family, friends, and business. The only thing is Sometimes its pretty slow but worth the wait.
Great way to stay in touch with my team.
The best app for group chat. I have been using the same group thread for a month
Works great and keeps me in the loop with my work team.
I love this app
Good work. Just got all of my friends to switch from Whatsapp. I wish font size could be adjusted. And there may be battery leak...
Awesome app, no need for bbm with this app
Awesome
Great for conference calls
Fabulous app. My only complaint is when using it through SMS it breaks down messages into small random pieces, but otherwise fantastic
Its perfect for clubs luv it try it out
Great app, we use it for family conversations and planning group activities. Keeps everyone on the same page!
I love it
Created a group for coworkers and a group for people I jog with. A nice way to keep everyone in the loop.
I have several small groups that take advantage of the easy communication via GroupMe. VERY handy!
Very helpful communicating with mass amounts of people
Now I can keep all seven of my siblings engaged in active communication.  Better than facebook and their awful privacy issues.
Love the app. Never any problems. Rooted Droid Incredible.
Easy, great app
I want to see who likes comments. Also what happened to the call feature?
Group messaging is what I was after. Gives you a different number if your friends aren't using the app but it works good.
Works great, easy to use, handy when out of coverage, works better than the native messaging app
Works great. I use it to communicate with firefighters to see who is coming to the station. Works like a Google group.
Being able to communicate with your friends all at once!
Kills my battery quick butbit works like heaven!
Kills my battery quick butbit works like heaven!
Great for group work on projects
Great for group communication!
Great for group communication!
Been groupmeing for years. Its great for a group of friends to stay in contact, parties, and business. Just download it and stop reading these reviews.
THIS APP WOULD BE EXTRA AWESOME IF IT COULD PLAYBACK GIF FILES  PLEASE MAKE THIS APP CAPABLE OF THAT
Easy to start a group conversation. But most importantly is how quickly you can share a pic. Love this app
Very useful and friendly when group chatting.
Use it all the time
Plain and simple it works...no issues
Great for group communication +mvel+
Great for group communication +mvel+
Great for group communication +mvel+
But wish conference call issues resolved
This is great. I can't put it down. I helps me stay in touch with practically all my friends, fraternity brothers, and family.
Excellent esential app I use it everyday in class love keep up great work.
Excellent esential app I use it everyday in class love keep up great work.
Great
Please make it be able to have more the 25 users other than that it is pretty great!!!!!
So easy to talk to everyone!
Wish I would've known abt this app before
Groupme makes so much sense with users over different OS
Really useful
The best group chat app ever!!!   -Drago out-
This app is great! It does just what it says it will...I can talk in real time with both sisters..its like three way calling for texting!
Thanks for this- very easy to use great for saving time by reading one response sent to the group -- love it
Become a huge asset to my biz
Great app... dont feel bad about not calling the family anymore... keep it up
very nice
I use group me to talk with work groups, my family nationwiide and more. Awesome app!
It's everything I've been looking for. 4 people talking at once is awesome
It's everything I've been looking for. 4 people talking at once is awesome
It's everything I've been looking for. 4 people talking at once is awesome
Much better than creating groups in androids phone contacts. Easy way of communicating with my sales staff at once.
I use it as a company chat... love it
Great
Great
I use it for my business team, best app so far
Highly recommended.
All your friends can text to each other amazing
Works perfectly.
Txt everyone at once for free!
Works like it should. Very useful. Need it for Wp7 mango
The Best Group Chat App Ever!!!
Works great.
Works great
7 Groups and counting!
Love it!
Great app
I can't live without it now. I have a group for everything (work, friends, family, etc.). Wish I could change my avatar for each group.
This couldn't work better
We use it to communicate with other co workers
Good app!
Great app
Great app
This app has enabled easy communication in so many settings, professional and personal! Can't imagine life without it. Well, I can, but its amazing.
Awesome app! It's great being able to group text & the formats like the iPhone texting. Love it.
This is a great app my friends and I love it
Works like a charm. Love this app
Great app, no flaws really. I haven't noticed atleast
Excellent
Great app! Use multiple groupme chats to keep all my goups informed! Great for roommates, families, coworkers or just groups of friends coordinating parties!
Works perfect for my job.
Nice app
Good job.
Few bugs but honestly the perfect app for a mobile group chat
Great!
One of my fav apps. So easy and helpful!
Does everything it should. Works on multiple platforms and via text messaging too. Awesome!
Great app! Use it daily.
What an amazing app. So easy to keep in touch with friends like this. And it makes for great fun.
Easy to stay in contact with all your friends at once. Also allows you to share pictures and location.
And believe me, not every app gets this rating. This is so useful! I tell everyone about this app. Especially for group planning.
Great excellent!!!!!!!!!
Works like it's supposed..love the text message integration for this thoes smart phones
Excellent app!! Use it for gaming!
One of the easiest and coolest apps for socializing. Makes texting fun again.
Group MGMT
This app is cool to chat with group of friends love it
Sweet
So nice to be able to stay connected daily with all my besties no matter where we are.
Excellent if you have a tendency to want to talk to multiple people at once... Even better if you have a few friends with a great sense of humor
It's great!
Been using for awhile. Easy way to talk to a group of people. Great customizable features.
Works on all devices.
I enjoy this app a lot just because it makes it fun and easier to keep in touch with my love ones :)!!
Awesome app!!
Good stuff
Super amazing. Totally helped my friends and me out during school, and helps us keep in touch after graduation too. Love it! Thank you!
This app kick major butt
This app is super awesome. I hope the devs become more successful
Works excellent
Very useful for keeping in touch with friends and family. Wish there was an easier way to re-add someone to a group.
Awesome app. Does exactly what I needed. Seems pretty stable.
It let's me stay in touch with many people at once
been using groupme for about a year now and have converted all my friends to it also! best and most used app on my phone
=) turned to =(
=) turned to =(
I love this app, best form of communication on my Nexus S
Useful and sexy.
Very very cool app!!! ESPECIALLY FOR THE PRICE-I MEAN COME ON!
Awesome
Awesome
Small 1 line scrolling text field. Also, if u type more than 255 chars, it quits accepting chars, instead of auto breaking msg after u click send. EVO
Helps me and my leadership team communicate better and faster. Love it!
Never any problems - great way to keep in touch with everyone & free!
Easy to use and fun.
Awesome app.  My family chats cons
Awesome app.  My family chats cons
Enjoy using it.
I have tried many group messaging apps and this is the best by far. I consider it a must have app.
I use this for all my plans with groups of friends
I travel alot so I love this app because it allows all my close friends to chat as if we are all together..... Definitely recommend!!
I love this program for my tab it cost me nothing if it was up verizon we all no this program would cost a bunch
Connect with friends no matter what OS. Most used app on my phone.
Its a great way for all of my friends to talk a once and keep in contact!
Great app
Great app
Great and easy to keep in touch with all ur close friends!
Crashes on galaxy tab with honeycomb 3.2..
Great app. Set your notification tone to something short and quiet otherwise you'll probably get aggregated quickly with a the notifications.
Good for planning group activities.
I like it and all tht but they give u a new phone number...
have to admit I had some issues in the begining, however after resolving that the experience has been great.  It is also a joy communicating with the developers who are understanding and responsive.  The only chat I know that allows more than 25 members.  great job keep it up, i hope you are able to resolve the power draining issue, that would make this app 6 stars
have to admit I had some issues in the begining, however after resolving that the experience has been great.  It is also a joy communicating with the developers who are understanding and responsive.  The only chat I know that allows more than 25 members.  great job keep it up, i hope you are able to resolve the power draining issue, that would make this app 6 stars
Performs as advertised. It's a great way to stay in touch with my group of friends while at home for break
Love it.
Cool
Helps me a lot
Need to add video sharing and if possible live video streaming
Great group app. Lots of fun.
I switched bc beluga shut down.  Beluga was much better bc you could upload pictures from the internet and from your phone. I miss beluga
I switched bc beluga shut down.  Beluga was much better bc you could upload pictures from the internet and from your phone. I miss beluga
Defenitely the best cross platform app !! Simple interface yet very intuitive.. *using samsung galaxy note
Only downloaded for RP points in drag racing
The crashes are fixed and it is working as intended. Great as a group IM solution or just a free text messaging alternative.
The crashes are fixed and it is working as intended. Great as a group IM solution or just a free text messaging alternative.
Beluga didn't really even stand a chance.
Beluga didn't really even stand a chance.
Awesome app and service!
Love this app!! Initially came cuz beluga shut down but this app is astute better!! Wish I would have found this one first :-) great way to group text
Everything beluga was and more. app is great, not experiencing any force closes. OG droid. really great support, if you email them about the 25 person limit they can adjust it
Allows me to stay in contact with as many people as I want instantly.
Works great for my friends and I luv group me
Force closes every time
I'm mad I'm just now finding out about this app!
Awesome product!
Works flawlessly, use data, not SMS! No need for a text plan! Easy to use!
Easy and doesn't require Facebook and saves text fees if you don't have unlimited plan
Just installed and still playing w/ it. Functional and intuitive w/ a first class UI. Works fine on Samsung Replenish
The fact that not every1 needs to install app AND can continue chats on computer makes this the winner. I have 9 others using it with me all the time
Works great with employees! Instant team communication FTW!
Works amazing, great ui, never have had a problem with this app. recommend it to anyone who has friends and or txt messages. Ie: everyone.
Works amazing, great ui, never have had a problem with this app. recommend it to anyone who has friends and or txt messages. Ie: everyone.
This app us awesome. No matter what type of group you have this apps is ideal!! Efficient and timely.
Love it, just wish u could add multiple members all at once instead of one at a time.
One of my favorite apps for excellent deals!
Great app works great so many options
Tere is a lot of good apps but not all this usefull
It's amazing
Great app
jn
Fun always pulling someone into the group that hates it lol
The best Android chatroom app I've tried...and I've tried a bunch.
We are creating a games forum and this is the perfect home for it. Easy to use and elegant. The real deal is that it's available on every smartphone.
I use it mainly in emergencies to contact a chain of stores in the area for possible robber in the area. Faster than doing a chain call.
Haven't found a single thing wrong with this app!!!  Awesome.
My girlfriends and I are always planning something. We live by thru this app! Conference # is a great extra feature. Batt killer but worth it!
I absolutely love this app... Works great on my HTC evo my contacts don't even have to have this app it's awesome!
I never believed it but Groupme is just amazing. Free international texting. I can communicate to all my friends and relatives all over the world!
great app I have use it for 7 months now...they even help me increase the size of my group
great app I have use it for 7 months now...they even help me increase the size of my group
works on Android, IOS, and sends texts for blackberries
Its okay
Working great to send a message to a handful of friends at once. Also using it with a group of 20 coworkers to communicate emergency changes.
Love it! What a great, simple way to stay connected with friends and family!
Best app ever. Stay connected with friends and easy to make plans!
Upgraded to 3.0 and then 3.0.1. Force closing any time I click on the contacts tab. Using DInc2 Gingerbread. I love the app, but this one isn't ready yet. Stay away until they iron out the bugs.
Thing since sliced bread. Been looking for group chat SMS forever since even last crap BB could do it. Works flawlessly, I just hope it STAYS FREE!!
Group Chat on the Go, How much more convenient can it get?
Group Chat on the Go, How much more convenient can it get?
Have not found a single flaw..
Very nice
Very nice
Works great on my Nexus S 4g!! Love this app, huge help! Works perfectly!
I love this app perfect for teams. I love this is how ny entire church stays in contact-Monica
Good
.......
البرنامج ممتاز. طلبت من العائلة تحميل البرنامج والآن نحن نستخدمه. يمكن تشغيله على الواي فاي فقط.
This app is great if you're traveling with a group of friends and not get lost and get quick information to meet up or plans for later. As a for work, it is good for traveling again or event planing. Making sure everyone is on track, and receive vital information and confirmation as quickly as possible in a high busy moments. This app is not for wishy washy people, flakes, ball droppers or non-texters. Info on the quick and getting the job done.
This app is great if you're traveling with a group of friends and not get lost and get quick information to meet up or plans for later. As a for work, it is good for traveling again or event planing. Making sure everyone is on track, and receive vital information and confirmation as quickly as possible in a high busy moments. This app is not for wishy washy people, flakes, ball droppers or non-texters. Info on the quick and getting the job done.
This app is great if you're traveling with a group of friends and not get lost and get quick information to meet up or plans for later. As a for work, it is good for traveling again or event planing. Making sure everyone is on track, and receive vital information and confirmation as quickly as possible in a high busy moments. This app is not for wishy washy people, flakes, ball droppers or non-texters. Info on the quick and getting the job done.
confirmation code bug has been fixed .. Facebook and Twitter authorization bug has been fixed as well .. you may need to reinstall the application that's it
confirmation code bug has been fixed .. Facebook and Twitter authorization bug has been fixed as well .. you may need to reinstall the application that's it
★재택홍보사원모집★한건당28만원 월200↑만20세~45세 라면 누구나가능해요 전아기보면서두달500달성!!카톡문의주세요~sakti80
★재택홍보사원모집★한건당28만원 월200↑만20세~45세 라면 누구나가능해요 전아기보면서두달500달성!!카톡문의주세요~sakti80
Very nice app!!!
Can get pinned emailed from website. Enter the pin in all lowercase not uppercase.
The app WAS awesome but the new update doesn't allow me to edit my friends avatars on my virw like the last one!!! Fix for 5 stars!
I like it, no problems. My only complaints: 1). I wish we could erase past conversations within that room (like a refresh) 2). The rejoin for groups
I like it, no problems. My only complaints: 1). I wish we could erase past conversations within that room (like a refresh) 2). The rejoin for groups
Great for study groups, and friends.
This is an amazing app
This is a really awesome group chat app for any and all smartphones!
I can't use it since the 3.0 update. Crashes when I click on a group Optimus v
Title says it all.
Cross-platform, immediate delivery, and brilliantly thought out. Don't have data? Use SMS. Don't have a phone but still want in? Use the web app on their page. Let's see how well they fare with Skype's acquisition.
Love the app use it all the time to keep in contact with business partners .....@bruhman5 & @Official_PSE
3.0 version force closes on my Nexus S every time even when I am accessing contacts.
Works
The Creator of this app is amazing!!! Love it.
This app is amazing! It is going to catch on for sure!
This app is amazing! It is going to catch on for sure!
Keeps me connected with my people
Exactly what I was looking for!
Recently the notification will show up top but sound and vibrate aren't working.
Miss how it doesn't tell me how many messages are unread. Wish I could delete chats
Great user interface and it is fast and reliable
I love this app, it's for the people! Do you have friends? Get this.
Great app! Easy to use and very intuitive. A real time saver for a busy guy like me.
Love love love this app! Cross platform is great! Can now chat/ like reply all. 3 sisters: 1 iPhone. 1 Android. 1 BBM.
Love love love this app! Cross platform is great! Can now chat/ like reply all. 3 sisters: 1 iPhone. 1 Android. 1 BBM.
The best most effective group chat!!!!!! Finally!! Thank you and keep up the good work!! Samsung Fascinate and Motorola DROID 3
Love the app, please let messages / direct message conversations be deleted though!
Love the app, please let messages / direct message conversations be deleted though!
Great way to keep in touch with the sisters!
Awesome app ty to the devs
Love this. Keeps me and my sisters connected with one text message. We share laughs with pictures through this too
Love this. Keeps me and my sisters connected with one text message. We share laughs with pictures through this too
Love this. Keeps me and my sisters connected with one text message. We share laughs with pictures through this too
Love this. Keeps me and my sisters connected with one text message. We share laughs with pictures through this too
Love this. Keeps me and my sisters connected with one text message. We share laughs with pictures through this too
Nice app and ideas. Give us the option to backup delete DMs and chats would be fantastic though. Was this intentionally left out?
Since when are Android apps this sexy? I love group messaging but this is best of breed by a mile?
Works just like I would hope it would. New features are awesome. This is maybe the best-looking Android app I've seen.
Works just like I would hope it would. New features are awesome. This is maybe the best-looking Android app I've seen.
Helps out so much with planning and organizing group events.
Constantly force closes since the update. Uninstall, switch to Google+ huddle
Constantly force closes since the update. Uninstall, switch to Google+ huddle
Still vibrates on new msg even when i unchecked the vibration. C'mon. Fix it please
This app makes communicating with my bands so incredibly easy!
Cool updated interface, but seeing force closes when i try to open the contacts. HTC Thunderbolt.
Cool updated interface, but seeing force closes when i try to open the contacts. HTC Thunderbolt.
Didn't find any friends on this. Causes force close when I click ask a question. Vibrant.
Very cool app
I love this app... it works well when trying to communicate in between meetings for work and with my frat.... BLU-PHI!!!
I love this app... it works well when trying to communicate in between meetings for work and with my frat.... BLU-PHI!!!
Everyone that I added to group me, love this. It's a away to communicate fast n free.
Everyone that I added to group me, love this. It's a away to communicate fast n free.
Can talk with my friends now just need a web-based version and it will be the greatest
Looove this app I am in a group and we had communication issues BUT NOT ANYMORE!
Looove this app I am in a group and we had communication issues BUT NOT ANYMORE!
Looove this app I am in a group and we had communication issues BUT NOT ANYMORE!
The first message I sent freaked out everyone on the list. It was a advertisement to the app. Not cool. All I wanted was to group text.
The first message I sent freaked out everyone on the list. It was a advertisement to the app. Not cool. All I wanted was to group text.
This app is amazing and so awesome when traveling with a large group. Its a must have app!!!!!!!
This app is amazing and so awesome when traveling with a large group. Its a must have app!!!!!!!
Allows groups to chat regardless of phone service provider. The alternative to BBM!
I have two phones, when I tried to register the second phone to the same email address the app wouldn't let me. It wouldn't let me change emails
I have two phones, when I tried to register the second phone to the same email address the app wouldn't let me. It wouldn't let me change emails
I have two phones, when I tried to register the second phone to the same email address the app wouldn't let me. It wouldn't let me change emails
I have two phones, when I tried to register the second phone to the same email address the app wouldn't let me. It wouldn't let me change emails
Ok. The suggested topics are a little obnoxious. They look like ads and go against grain of apps main appeal-close knit communication a la gchat etc
I am a little confused about why some people are having problems with this app. But then I guess that is the world of Android with so many different phones it must be hard to program. I am on the Samsung Epic 4G and it works perfect. I have tried all messaging app and I would have to say this and KIK are my favorites. This one lets me start groups with my friends who don't have smart phones and it works flawlessly.
I looove being able to chat with my closest friends all at the same time!
I looove being able to chat with my closest friends all at the same time!
Amazing concept, works perfectly, others dont even have to own a smartphone to participate. 5* hands down! :D
Was great.. now slow loading and restarts phone3 to 4 times daily. Stops when muted
Awesome App - love that you can set your group text number to work either inside the App (no fees) or via SMS (low coverage area). Definitely recommended.
Awesome App - love that you can set your group text number to work either inside the App (no fees) or via SMS (low coverage area). Definitely recommended.
ITS GREAT FOR MY FAMILY, But the conference call, doesnt work, it says im not a part a the group, please fix!
Fantastic speed and efficiency. Very pleased, no lag time, fast chat speed and centralizes chat threads well.
I don't receive push notifications anymore since the last update of 2.1.6. Moto Droid 2.2.2
Great service..your friends can use the same generated numbers without the app..but I cannot remove my number and use google voice instead
This app is AWESOME. I have never liked an app so much as to post a comment, but this app is great!
I wish all the messages would come through and media was able to be sent through the group but besides that this app is wonderful
I got a group with my girls, cowerker and family..we get to communicate with each other @ all times. I love it
I got a group with my girls, cowerker and family..we get to communicate with each other @ all times. I love it
I got a group with my girls, cowerker and family..we get to communicate with each other @ all times. I love it
I got a group with my girls, cowerker and family..we get to communicate with each other @ all times. I love it
I got a group with my girls, cowerker and family..we get to communicate with each other @ all times. I love it
This app is ok, but I just wish that the grps cld contain more than 25 ppl. The app may also claim that ur at the maximum about with 20 ppl....
This app is ok, but I just wish that the grps cld contain more than 25 ppl. The app may also claim that ur at the maximum about with 20 ppl....
Works now but i'm now afraid to update because I may lose my groups again.
instead of choosing all 6 people in my family to remind them of an event, I just simply use this. Love it. thanks for a great app
instead of choosing all 6 people in my family to remind them of an event, I just simply use this. Love it. thanks for a great app
instead of choosing all 6 people in my family to remind them of an event, I just simply use this. Love it. thanks for a great app
App works great for texting groups! My group uses different phones (blackberries, iPhone, and droids) and we are not having any problems.
Great app, still has problems sending pictures once in a while but other then that very good.
This was my most used app but now I can't get it to work. Tried to go back to older version and still shows multiple errors. Ashame, really was a great app!
I love this app. I miss the BBM Groups when I had the Blackberry and this is the next best thing. I wish you can expand in having more than 25 ppl in.
I love this app. I miss the BBM Groups when I had the Blackberry and this is the next best thing. I wish you can expand in having more than 25 ppl in.
I love this app. I miss the BBM Groups when I had the Blackberry and this is the next best thing. I wish you can expand in having more than 25 ppl in.
Use it to chat w my roommates-one BBM other Sprint Evo and it works great!
Use it to chat w my roommates-one BBM other Sprint Evo and it works great!
Pretty cool just wish it was as fast as Kik Messanger and other apps like that
Pretty cool just wish it was as fast as Kik Messanger and other apps like that
Pretty cool just wish it was as fast as Kik Messanger and other apps like that
Wonderful app, however, unable to edit contact names and unable to delete messages unless there's and error. Please fix immediately.
Very disappointing. Notifications don't work. Have to constantly open the app to check for messages. Uninstall. MT4G.
Very disappointing. Notifications don't work. Have to constantly open the app to check for messages. Uninstall. MT4G.
Great if you want to chat in a group. If entire group doesn't want to chat it gets annoying everyone asked to be taken off.
This app is really great. I have been lookking for an app that is similar to bbm on blackberry and this is it, you can group chat with anyone
Good app. Ads on suggested topics not good. It is ok to have the ads, but do not force it on us. It works against the advertiser. NOT GOOD!
Good app. Ads on suggested topics not good. It is ok to have the ads, but do not force it on us. It works against the advertiser. NOT GOOD!
Works with any phone! Quick setup, awesome app and awesome service. Very impressive.
First messenger that will allow chat with both droid and bbm at the same time. Awesome!
I love that I can make groups with people who don't have the app. Lets family text replies as if they were talking to just one person.
This is freaking awesome I've been looking for something to replace my old blackberry chat room
This is freaking awesome I've been looking for something to replace my old blackberry chat room
This had been great for my party planning committee.my phone blows up all the time
This had been great for my party planning committee.my phone blows up all the time
Completely pointless: Android has all these features already, people apparently are just too dumb to know how
Completely pointless: Android has all these features already, people apparently are just too dumb to know how
Completely pointless: Android has all these features already, people apparently are just too dumb to know how
Completely pointless: Android has all these features already, people apparently are just too dumb to know how
I'm on a corporate account that doesn't allow texting and the rest of my family has their own plans. They text each other all the time and I've been out of the loop for years...this app allows me to use my data plan and text everyone individually or I can text the entire family in one shot. Thank you to the GroupMe folks for such a simple, easy to configure application that suddenly makes me a texter! Works perfectly on the Droid 2!
Blows texting out of the water, it is so awesome! It even works with people who dont have the app.
The only group I needed it wouldn't find the numbers for just their e-mails. Droid X
The only group I needed it wouldn't find the numbers for just their e-mails. Droid X
The only group I needed it wouldn't find the numbers for just their e-mails. Droid X
The only group I needed it wouldn't find the numbers for just their e-mails. Droid X
Awesome, my friends who have never heard of it think it is so cool, even those without android. A+
Awesome, my friends who have never heard of it think it is so cool, even those without android. A+
people with epic roms, check for an update. SyndicateROM Frozen 1.0.2 (Malanga) fixes this app . 1.0.1 i got FC
Absolutely amazing app. Having a group chat using SMS is so useful. Also the conference call abiliity is priceless
been using this for months and i love it. totally helpful for projects and staying in touch with family. app is useful and reliable
Great, simple, works with even non-smartphones. Great app for friends and groups. A must for meeting up and planning over texting.
Great, simple, works with even non-smartphones. Great app for friends and groups. A must for meeting up and planning over texting.
Wow. Perfect! A great way to keep family members on different phone plans connected.
This has been one of the best apps I've downloaded. It was a bit awkward to get started, but very easy to use once you get signed up.
Got a group of myself and 7 friends; only two of us have the actual app, though. Works beautifully. Perfect BBM for those of us without BB. Trying to get everyone I know on it.
Got a group of myself and 7 friends; only two of us have the actual app, though. Works beautifully. Perfect BBM for those of us without BB. Trying to get everyone I know on it.
Got a group of myself and 7 friends; only two of us have the actual app, though. Works beautifully. Perfect BBM for those of us without BB. Trying to get everyone I know on it.
Thank you Steve S at GroupMe support staff! Quick reply & very helpful. Love the app. ..Droid.
Thank you Steve S at GroupMe support staff! Quick reply & very helpful. Love the app. ..Droid.
Wow! This is my favorite way to message! It even allows group conversation with people who don't have android phones! Amazing!
Wow! This is my favorite way to message! It even allows group conversation with people who don't have android phones! Amazing!
Wow! This is my favorite way to message! It even allows group conversation with people who don't have android phones! Amazing!
We used Group.me at SXSWi last weekend and it kept our group of over 20 people connected. Very convenient!
Needs an option to turn all notifictions to your phone on or off, & it won't reviece or send picture mail.
Use this every weekend as the communication tool for golf and evening get togethers. Works great with non smart phone users too.
Still early but way better than ping and you can leave group char or kik people Hahaha
love this app. has many uses from simple 'chat rooms' with friends to emergency notification for family. even added land lines for conf calling.
Excellent app, no texting plan required, allows me to easily set up group meet ups and communicate with my family. Droid X
Kept saying an error occurred while talking to GroupMe server. 'Realized' its 'cause of my location? Please add in description - this is for US only!
Kept saying an error occurred while talking to GroupMe server. 'Realized' its 'cause of my location? Please add in description - this is for US only!
Kept saying an error occurred while talking to GroupMe server. 'Realized' its 'cause of my location? Please add in description - this is for US only!
Love this app. My friends and i meet every Thursday and "watch" vampire diaries 2gether.
I SOOOO LOVE THIS APP! I USE IT MORE THAN ANY OTHER APP I HAVE. QUICK QUESTION: THE MAX FOR GROUP MEMBERS IS 19? I CANT ADD ANYONE ELSE........
I SOOOO LOVE THIS APP! I USE IT MORE THAN ANY OTHER APP I HAVE. QUICK QUESTION: THE MAX FOR GROUP MEMBERS IS 19? I CANT ADD ANYONE ELSE........
I SOOOO LOVE THIS APP! I USE IT MORE THAN ANY OTHER APP I HAVE. QUICK QUESTION: THE MAX FOR GROUP MEMBERS IS 19? I CANT ADD ANYONE ELSE........
Beluga similar con call cool.Blackberry please. Supporting them cause do not like beluga being owned by facebook now
Love the update with the in app chat. Not seeing where it is that you can checkin on foursquare from this app though?
Love the update with the in app chat. Not seeing where it is that you can checkin on foursquare from this app though?
Love the update with the in app chat. Not seeing where it is that you can checkin on foursquare from this app though?
I like the app. My friends and I have been using it for months. The new update brings a lot of great features, especially being able to send in-line images (as you know the old way was wonky at best). But while SMS messages came immediately, it can now take two minutes for in-chat messages to arrive via the data connection. (Admittedly, I'm not in the best signal area right now). Gotta speed it up, fellas. Otherwise, great work. UPDATE: still occasionally force-closes while selecting pics to send.
I like the app. My friends and I have been using it for months. The new update brings a lot of great features, especially being able to send in-line images (as you know the old way was wonky at best). But while SMS messages came immediately, it can now take two minutes for in-chat messages to arrive via the data connection. (Admittedly, I'm not in the best signal area right now). Gotta speed it up, fellas. Otherwise, great work. UPDATE: still occasionally force-closes while selecting pics to send.
Very very cool app!! I recommend! Once u set it up, u can send to ANYONE!! LOVE THIS!! -EVO
There should be an option for the Creator of the group to mute the whole group
Is it me or does this app only allow for groups of three not counting yourself. I have not been able to get this to work. Need a group of 11.
We're always getting together as a family and now I don't have to type in 10 separate phone numbers or contacts to connect with everyone, and I can make sure nobody is left out of the invite. Needs video now!
Incredible app! Great for team conf calls & group texts. Call one number and everybodys phone rings and are in a conference call together.
Awesome!!! Its so simple! It keeps me and my two best friends connected via SMS :) mytouch 4g
Best text group chat ever! I have a GNO group, a neighborhood watch group, a carpool group. Keeps everyone on the same page via text, easy peasy!
Ilove this app but the numbers provided r not mobile numbers therefore uses landline mins please fix that!!!
Ilove this app but the numbers provided r not mobile numbers therefore uses landline mins please fix that!!!
Ilove this app but the numbers provided r not mobile numbers therefore uses landline mins please fix that!!!
Love it, it makes Handcent do almost everything that data messagers do. If only it had delivery and read receipts (Group Me or Handcent)
Love it, it makes Handcent do almost everything that data messagers do. If only it had delivery and read receipts (Group Me or Handcent)
Love the app. Wish that I could change my name to something other than me. I have a couple of big groups and what to have my name instead of Me.
Love the app. Wish that I could change my name to something other than me. I have a couple of big groups and what to have my name instead of Me.
Love it. Fills a void I've been looking to fill. App could be better but still love it.
Beluga app is the same, but with google voice support. Groupme isn't for me. I have no txt plan.
Beluga app is the same, but with google voice support. Groupme isn't for me. I have no txt plan.
Love this app! They thought of everything! Now my BB friends have nothing on my Android.
I have been using this app for a month now..and I love it..if some things could be added even better.. I would add a direct chat to an individual
I have been using this app for a month now..and I love it..if some things could be added even better.. I would add a direct chat to an individual
Gets the job done! One number to group txt, cpnference call, with one easy button! Superb. Best idea yet!!!
Good concept, but should allow use of Google voice # to eliminate carrier sms usage.
Love this app! What a life saver! I plan so many events it cuts my work out for me using this app!
Great app. It's an excellent way to keep in touch with my family and friends.
Great app. It's an excellent way to keep in touch with my family and friends.
Great app. It's an excellent way to keep in touch with my family and friends.
On install it asks for a nickname and suggests "me" and then uses that name when txt'ing to others. No way to change.
On install it asks for a nickname and suggests "me" and then uses that name when txt'ing to others. No way to change.
Would be a lot better if this app was a bit more openly social then limited to just your contacts.you can't even view other's groups.
Why are people complaining about having to use carrier SMS....really? Heaven forbid you must pay for $5 of texting every month. Great app!
Why are people complaining about having to use carrier SMS....really? Heaven forbid you must pay for $5 of texting every month. Great app!
Why are people complaining about having to use carrier SMS....really? Heaven forbid you must pay for $5 of texting every month. Great app!
Group me has made my life better. I am in closer contact with my friends and co-workers.
Has got to be one of the best phone apps I've ever installed! Works flawlessly! Droid 2.2
Love it! A must have app if your a texting junkie like me. Works great on my ROOTED Motorola Droid 2 running Android 2.2 Froyo.
Good app. Would get 5 stars if I can edit the names that were added to a group
Texts not showing to others in group. Cannot edit groups. Cannot change to my google voice number from cell number.
Texts not showing to others in group. Cannot edit groups. Cannot change to my google voice number from cell number.
Texts not showing to others in group. Cannot edit groups. Cannot change to my google voice number from cell number.
Texts not showing to others in group. Cannot edit groups. Cannot change to my google voice number from cell number.
Texts not showing to others in group. Cannot edit groups. Cannot change to my google voice number from cell number.
Exactly what Android OS lacks but needs. I would pay for a donate version :)
I have been waiting for this! Great way to make plans with a group of friends or keep track of people at large events.
I have been waiting for this! Great way to make plans with a group of friends or keep track of people at large events.
