It slows my phone down tremendously and freezes a lot
When asked what color the sky was she responded by explaining what Manchester Football Club was.  Constantly prompts you to do things you don't want to do.   Programmed with spelling errors. Just awful.
I downloaded Skyvi for Car Mode, which claims to be hands-free. It's NOT! Only the first spoken text after starting Car Mode is hands-free. After that it requires that I push the microphone icon for further use! That's not hands-free!  On top of that, it keeps the screen on, which really drains the battery! And it can't do searches without GPS on ... another major battery drainer. Especially annoying is all the screen clutter with ads and popups, like whenever text messages arrive even after I've shutdown Skyvi! Also annoying are the popups trying to entice me to spread its word on my Facebook and Twitter accounts.
very poor
Yikes!  I'll update review if things get better.
But incredibly annoying pop ups. Uninstall.
Very limited compared to Alice and other similar android apps. Hate the new voice. Many errors It fails to hear my voice often and will sometimes continue waiting after I finish a phrase. I also believe many of the high reviews are from what people read in the description. Please work harder on the capabilities; It needs less wit, more knowledge. Uninstalled.
I downloaded this app. It worked great for 2 days. Then I lost the volume. I tried all I knew to fix this issue. I believe there is some conflict with the bluetooth settings. I have even turned off all the bluetooth settings to no avail. So on August 19 I wrote to the developer for assistance. As of now no respnse. It is ashame I would have donated to the cause. But not now. I do expect developers to assist!!!!!!
Scared the crap out of me it said ( takes much more to termanate me )
I paid to have the ad's removed. But after I had to reinstall after phone problems the ads were back and they wanted more $$ to remove again. Wont respond to emails.
Didn't work well at all.
I dont.like that it records every conversation you have
This app never knows what I'm saying. Ever! I speak loudly and clearly, and it os still WAY off! I paid for this app and wish I could get my money back!
Ask it any question and it responds either by data mining or by trying to call your mom. You are better off just learning how to use your device and downloading apps that do things. If i ask, "is there a pharmacy near me," it responds, "i believe there is. How long is your drive to work?"  What? Why? I could have just done a google search. There. In a nutshell, it is inferior to a google search. If you are incapable of searching for something on google, please exit the internet immediately.
Flawless, just flawless.!
The idea was good, just not there yet. And program her to stop asking u to remove ads! Like every second...
This is a terrible at it never responds is slow and just sucks. Do not get this app
This thing has no clue, I say send text and give name and it pulls up something of the wall like trout in brook and then says it can't find, well no crap....I said Ashlie Brooke....uninstall
Dont download this it is horible
Didn't understand a word I said. It may have an issue  with a British English accent.
Don't listen to these crazy people. It's a Crap rip off that just feeds you ads unless you pay for it to stop.
Its really cool
Siri is better
Had lots of problems with msg alerts
Having issues with skyvi send emails to developer and they don't respond uninstalling
This thing dumb
Unimpressed.  I'd ask a question and the answer was never related to the question.  Too bad.  Had high hopes.  HTC 4G LTE.
It won't even access my calendar or remind me to do things.  a basic search engine at best. The Assistant app is much better.
Wow thought people were dumb
This app does a very poor job of recognizing my voice.
it started randomly talking when I wanted the phone on silent(sleeping).  Constantly get a "hold on, network is a little slow" message even though I have full bars on 4g or even wifi!  uninstalled
Totally think this app was was tapping my phone Would make random noises and a text bar popped up asking me if i was talking to it!!!
It doesnt do anything I tell it to
This app sucks uninstalling right away
Text recognition lags twenty years. Unusable. Uninstalled.
This app is terrible! It doesn't understand a word I say! When I tried to text "hi" to Jane Barrager, it tried to text "DIE!" To "my beer girls" even though "my beer girls" is not a contact on this phone
Can't even get list of movies playing at the theater.  I only gave it a star because I was required to in order to rate it.  It deserves no star for fake advertising.
This stuff sucks
This has got to b a joke iphone got to luv it
Needs allot of work. I will re download after it works
Galaxy S - disables voice to text.  Uninstalled
Rubbish!
did not like at all. it couldn't learn my voice and was too slow. uninstalled already
Sttupid X
It's a great app but it records everything
Does not work right. Does not give you enough time to speak, you say 1 thing and it gives you something different. I ask it to find a store and it gives me my address book stupidity at it's finest ... 0 stars...
Why would I want to waste my time learning a ton of commands when there's other apps like siri that u don't need to? I went 0-7 on my questions asked which earned an immediate uninstall!!!
Sucks pretty bad
Just crashes? Sensation xe
never updated well
I cant download it!!!
This sucks
I asked for when the next bus on the metro schedule would come and she said it's not important to her. Anything you say she'll reply saying it's not important, too busy, or calls you immature.
Program doesn't do many things and usually gets them wrong
And tells awsome jokes
dont waste your time.
It told me it's a virus trying to buy my phones data...
I wish i could give this app a negative 5 stars. Doesn't work at all. Stupid app.
Hasent done one thing correct
Mis translates what I say and sends wildly inappropriate/wrong messages. Source of hilarity to my recipients, not me.
Horrible
Still teaching her how to learn my friends names but seems to be okay
Sux sux sux
Doesn't understand me very often. Maybe I should try speaking another language..
This app is waste of a download
Does not talk back on the lg enlighten
Doesn't recognize contacts or anything I say, for that matter. The results offered from a successful entry are poor, and it always messes up texts! The ads are annoying too. Speaktoit Assistant is much better!   Uninstalled!!
This app was ok. A far cry from siri but ok. Now i get the same msg over and over for days even when marked as read. The time is way off as well. Uninstall till fixed
Was on the Eastern shore looking for lighthouses.  I asked for the nearest one to my location.  I got a list of restaurants.  Not even close!  The responses I get are always like that.  Wrong!  Too bad.
I said it sucks.
Ask it a question and you get a cute joke answer, but nothing useful. Trash
It wont work at all! Apperently my mic isnt working even though I'm indoors!
This is horrible
Sucks on my phone.
Still can't understand voice commands. I tried it again and ended up uninstalling after only an hour or so
Bad a.s.s
Dnt do it, its frustrating.
This sucks and didn't do a  thing it needed to. Awful .
Blows
Sucks
Great
HATE THE NEW STUFF USED TO BE AWESOME DOESNT ANSWER MY QUESTIONS JUST GIVES ME TIPS 0 STARS IF I COULD
Talks when i'm on the phone. Reads texts when it feels like it.  Doesn't understand me. Don't bother
Junk doesn't work,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
No comment
It has loads of adverts, the layout is crap, it doesn't answer your Q's. There is loads more to complain about but I cba to type them. I would recommend IRIS. DO NOT INSTALL.
Blows pretty hard.
Didn't do anything with my calendar which its what i downloaded it for.justkept offering to text someone -_____-
Stupid faulty app has potential
I asked tell me a joke but then she told me she can call people thid is a horrible app. Will Never answer questions you ask :',(
At first it worked but won't now push the button and it automatically canceled Motorola triumph but works great on my husband galaxy prevail and my phone is way newer than his
Ehhh
Sucks
It won't work for my smartphone of did at first so I know its the program
It doesn't even recognize it's own name. I can't think of how this app could possibly be useful. Nonsensical rubbish responses no matter how clearly I speak. Deleting it now.
I hate this app.  It is more work than it is worth.
Doesn't really do anything except ask me to rate it 5 stars and remove ads. And when I speak clearly it never works. Don't waste your time.
Can't get it to download,  I have tried 4 times now!!
No where near as good a apples, pretty much useless..
Makes me lol
I thought i was a app that would help with tasks on my phone. All it does is give  sassy answers to simple questions. My mistake. Uninstal
doesn't do anything. Just gives me stupid banter.
Doesn't work
Sucks balls not like siri at all
-  this app is fun for my 11 year old daughter.  Seems to work pretty good. I like that it's polite!!  Good app!	Good app!  I wish to change the voice!!
Sucks
I had this app rated 5 stars until the new version came out without an option to disable the auto listen function.. my phone starts talking when I'm in my car listening to music or watching tv at home
my android is only used for internet, so it doesnt text. the first step of the tutorial is to voice text someone. see my problem?
This app is frustrating!  It does not have the ability to learn to spell names which are slightly different than those in it's data base. A child's game has deeper algorithms. Worse, it responds with answers way, way off topic. Could be fun, but it is not. Disappointing after watching Apple Siri ads.
Since last update the in car icon left of screen has disappeared. Did a reload and the icon still does not appear says in advanced options how to use but theres nothing there to use so what the....
This app sucks
I bought coins and removed the annoying bloody ads i upgraded my phone and switched service but the ads are there again... Until i get this resolved i am giving 1 star. It even says i have 5 coins left so dont tell me that its not recognized as not paid when it shows my excess coins!
Every five seconds a message pops up asking if I need it. NO! I DON'T!  I'm playing a game. SHUT UP!
Drains battery... I want a refund..bought coins twice and have uninstalled the app!
Unistalled
It does not understand english when asked to do a basic tex. Don't waste your time! I'm sorry I did.
I have used better and there are not a lot of settings. Speakitto is better, don't waste your time.
I'd bang ha... :-P...
She can come in handy if you're driving and want her to access directions or play music or send a text, but other than that, she's a useless spam bot. Forget asking general knowledge questions, she'll just ask you to give her a good review or buy the paid version when she doesn't have an answer. Can get very annoying.
Works fine on HTC sensation de, fast an pretty accurate. It's developing well too.
Harm your feelings verbally using vulgars words such as jerk, idiot and many more! The voice regonisation is not so good too. So,think before downloading it!
I repeatedly asked for directions to Redmond, WA and it repeatedly wanted a conversation about the oscars!!!!  A bit silly and dangerous when trying to navigate in a car.
She sounds like she has a cold. She can hardly understand. :(
Good app
This app is dumb. Can even send a text right.
Horrible
Nothing is more discouraging than getting the dreaded Your device isn't compatible with this version.  I am running ICS and wonder what the development list looks like for this (assuming it is somewhere in the pile).   Hard to rate something you can't use.
I asked her to wake me up in 45 minutes and she said no
This app sucks. Doesnt understand anything
Using this app at first, I was pleased with the results I was getting and the functionality. Until I asked it to open my calendar (which is something apparently Skyvi can't cat do) and then it started cracking jokes and being a smart-a$$. The thing that really caught my attention was the app started asking me questions  regarding what movies I like, did I like them in 3D, did I work out and where. This application was basically asking me questions to generate ads. I also noticed the ads started changing depending on what I was talking about. The functionality is great, but the lack of complete functionality and the privacy concerns were enough for me to uninstall. That, and it was just a smart-@ss.
The tutorial should be disabled!
Doesn't work very well
When i want to txt someone it seldom works  When i wanted to know how far i was from home it said a million miles
Will not work. Tried uploading 2 different times and both times it listens and does nothing. Very disappointed.
It messes up too often
It works but it keeps telling me to do things
Assistant is better
LOCKS UP MY SG3 ALOT
Most finds the wroung  places
Could be alot better nonthing like iphone
This application is far too persistent. Also, it gets too many things I say wrong.
Not only that, but it doesn't understand half of what I say, & I speak & pronounce my words clearly. Please fix the bugs!! I don't need Skyvi talking to me when I'm on a business call or in a meeting.
It's good to send texts but won't recognize my google music.  It also can't do things like set alarms.  I would like it to not spell out things when I ask it questions.  For example I asked what the capitol of Indiana was and it said Indianapolis slash followed by pronunciations and spelling.  Some features are okay but I would like it to do more.
It says my phone doesn't have voice recognition or something when I press the button. I really wanna use this app so if it could be made to work with this phone it would be awesome.
Its ok don't understand what im sayin most times
id say a 40% accuracy. google voice works better
This app has potential but when comparing to Siri for iPhone, it lacks A LOT. it barely understand me and I speak clear English. Too many sarcastic remarks like if you ask about your schedule for the day, she says "am I a physic?" But SIRI checks your agenda for the day....
Doesn't work it doesn't talk it
Turns on Gps the entire time its on....doesnt like my bionic
This app kept updating my location and it would drain my battery like crazy. My phone usually lasted me through the night and after installing this, it'd die at 67%. I downloaded this app with my old phone and it had more options on the settings and you could control the location, but now that option isn't available. So yeah, that kind of sucks. But seriously had to install because charging may phone once a day was bad enough. Keeping this app would've meant multiple times a day and that's just too much.
so don't ask me to buy coins to use this
Couldn't find apartment on my phone to work with......
Complicated
I let u know in a few weeks...
Why does it say "hm getting late"  when your scheduling an appointment a week out?
Still trying to figure it out
The location for restaurants  leaves a lot to be desired because it missed several that are nearby and said the nearest Thai restaurant is over 20 miles away when there are several well within that distance and at least 4 within 8 miles.
Not bad needs work though
This is the third app I have used and I don't like it!
Since upate, has British accent now, and does not recognize what i say.
Its ok i would give it five of it could go on line and do thing like that but for free it ok
I enjoyed this app last week, it was an excellent replacement from the siri in my iphone. It may not be that accurate but it's a decent app. Now, when I keep on installing this app on my jellybean. It keeps saying insufficient storage available, but when I download a different app it works. I don't know how to fix this, I tried wiping cache from cwm, clearing dalvik-cache and removing unused space. Still it doesn't work. I'm gonna give this 5 stars when it finally works for me.
App works pretty well but it always wants to run. I would keep it but it kills the battery on my already battery killing EVO... Uninstall..
I am  uninstalling this app
Waste of time
God awful Microsoft Mary voice is a total turn off. I would give this a better review if it allowed for different TTS voices, like Google Voice.
Make it send whatsapp messages. Then it will be good
Will give 5 when it can open apps on my phone..I mean really, WTF?
Good app
So far not user friendly enough for me
Very unstable on ICS but it seems to have a good potential. Waiting for update...and Italian language misses!
Yep
Ok app
Just put thus on my phone. Maybe i need to get use to the app
Awesome app so helpful
Kinda sucks
This looked a great app and did give some great answers to spoken questions!  But I couldn't override the annoying response tone even by switching the phone to 'silent' mode.   Then to cap it all it did the same annoying alert when I was asleep to let me know that it had lost wifi contact . . . after that I had to uninstall. Great idea but it looks like you've concentrated on the complex stuff first without too much attention to user interface/experience.
So far is sub par
Thats why I'm only giving it 2 stars nothing really great and I don't like the whole by coins for ad free and extras iris is better and faster
I think this is so cool but it's so basic and robotic it's kinda annoying. It needs more time to smooth out
Gay
This program is ok
Speaktoit is much better.  This doesn't understand what I am saying as well
Doesnt understand me
Nothing like work don't bother
Luv it
This is complicated
Good
Rubbish
Started off really strong, but then tapered off extremely fast not understanding most words that I say. Not to mention I paid to have the ads removed, even after a restart the ads are still there. Not nearly as useful. Pretty much just a novelty piece.
Can't even do simple task like open calendar. Tweets, texts and that's about it....
If you have a Southern accent forget it. It will not understand you and you get all kinds of results. But hey so does siri also.
Has craptastic recognition and skyvi is sort of retarded at least the free version is.
She didnt even know what 5 times 7 is lol and said she isnt good at math
It sucks! Nd is way to slow....doesnt understand words that arent in a dictionary eg....my name!
As expected, the algorithms are pathetic. It's too dumb to even take money to remove ads. Zero stars if it didn't make me laugh.
The only reason I gave it two stars its because it supports bluetooth option. however it did not recognize anything that I requested from it, the settings are very limited, and the voice is not only annoying but it its also very unclear. The AVIC app is far superior.
E
Asked for pizza near me it told me places 257 miles away. Asked for pizza in my city name and it doesn't recognize it, gives me pizza around the state capital. Useless for me.
Nice start, but nowhere near as sophisticated as siri or assistant.
It responds and recognizes commands faster than vLingo, but crashes frequently and the UI is awful. The tts engine is also less advanced than vlingo.
How can an app that's so chatty not even speak? I'm the 1 asking the questions here. And it doesn't understand basic things like setting appointments, tasks and reminders. Uninstall. DROIDX
I appreciate the effort, but it's just not there yet. Barely usable. Worth a few minutes of amusement I suppose. Uninstalling.
It's fun but there's a lot of work to be done. Inaccurate and not so rich...can't stand against the siri application.
This app is great
It constantly asks to remove ads and rate... Kinda annoying but still an alright app
Pretty great little app more or less Droid siri with a little personality but since I now have samsungs s-voice working on my nexus and its more of what functionality I wanted I think I will uninstall skyvi since she is more useful as a chatbot that a personal assistant.
It's good in terms of quickness but it barely picks up what you say and its annoying
Works well. Bought the app and I have emailed the developer 3 times for support. Never got any reply.
Still needs some work
But doesnt sound like siri
If you ask stupid questions you will get a laugh
It's saying things I didn't ask for
Querky... Plus it keeps force closing.  But fun.
It has some bugs... like it doesnt always do what you want it to. But i do like it. It is cool: ) It does mess up what i say and does not respond correctly.
Let's hope she get better when I get use to it
Works well
Other Siri wannbe's can do things like set your alarm clock or get into other apps. It's fun but not as advanced as some.
Fun app takes a bit to get use to... slightly interrupts when making a command. Still need more time to mess around but I think its worth trying.
I enjoy using skyvi a lot. My only complaints are that I can't set alarms and I can't ask it for questions about current events (i.e. Who won last night's sporting event)
This soft ware is ok
I like this app but it doesn't always  understand me and always wants me to say Starbucks ????
It understod me but kept askin unrelated questions after I gave it commands I don't like it!
I love that it has an attitude but it mistakes a lot of my words. And it frustrating me with all the " can you help me" all the time asking to be rated. So there your rated.
Its pretty cool after u figure out how to use it
I just got this app so I am not sure how accurate it is but so far it has been fun.
Could be better
Robot voice sucks. Need other options.
Its working superb
Not bad at all....
Hahaha. I love this app.
I have a droid evolution and it keeps saying bad connection, idk if I have to download another app too? This one looks awesome...just wish it would work on my phone!!!
Eh. I don't hate her though
Works well but doesn't really do much.
This app is ok. She need to stop jumping into her own thing tho.
Its ok but it doesn't pick up words so good
Found it confusing when speaking it was asking randomly if I wanted to send a text also it needs more knowledge because when asked a simple question it can't usaully answer needs a lot of work to match to I phone siri
Its fun at first but when you really need to use it you will know it needs more features like reminders and I would like it if the voice was more human like.
This app is cool n annoying at the same time...always stuck in the RAM and drains my xperia ray battery!!!
Hopefully she can do better and learn bit not bad
Works ok just sometimes sounds depressing
Just downloaded,trying to get it to text but doesnt understand me. May not have it long.
There' s words that the assistant cannot understand noy even trying to speak slow and accurate ..  ASSISTANT APP.understood what i wanted to text very accurate needs improvement guys , the app. is not bad but needs more effort guys !!!
its okayy could be. better.
I like the car mode so it can read my text messages to me while on the road and I don't have to worry about looking at the phone. It is not so smart on the dialing though, I had to tell it to "learn" the same person over and over. It repeated the name correctly, but when I asked to "call" that person, Skyvi would return with "teach me"... I had better luck with Speaktoit
Does not work well with Indian accent. Kept repeating my wife's name and out kept saying call Jim.
I had 2 alter my rating down a couple pegs since u guys censored Skyvi,  I mean you could have a parental lock or something.    Freedom of Speech!    ???
Says too much random nonsense
Sometimes she cant hear.
Needs more improvement. But not bad.
She doesn't seem to understand me very well. I keep asking her what I should call her and she keeps calling sue. This is very annoying because I don't want to call Sue. And she often writes down the question exactly but I don't get the right answer. She also doesn't seem to have the humor personality that siri does. I'm not sure how useful she'll be since I can do the same thing with my google button. And she doesn't seem to come with a calendar. But it's amusing to play with. And it is free . . .
Okkkkkk
Is good, not what i expected but good
Ok but can b annoying sometimes and need to no how to skip music that u dont want to hear but ok overall
Ok
Meh
Skyvi kinda takes to long to reply to my questions!
Needs alot and alot of updates
Fun and easy...still figuring it out, but looking forward to making mundane tasks more enjoyable.
Skyvi is awesome
She should be able to hear you a little clearer so she can learn the na
Ap is okay still has bugs hope it gets better
Cool ap but the ads suck.
Fun
I enjoy the witty comments but some bugs can stand fixing like better flow in the words and little stuff. It really makes a difference. And screw the coins bull.
Love it!!!!
Could use a lot more commands
Great app!!!
Great program
It's not as good as siri but its works
A good start.
App ok but Automated voice sucks.
I am still not sure but so far it's ok.
Not exactly Siri but its ok. Could be more interactive like reading out incoming messages, emails, etc..
Works Great
Is ok but it keeps asks me to call people or write review
Its ok
First of all let me clarify, I can't stand apple products. I've used my wife' siri. This is not near as good as siri. The artificial intelligence is lacking. The voice recognition does not work near as well. Interaction with the phones applications is poor. Listening to the computer generated voice is not pleasant.  Siri does not work that great to begin with.  I wish google / android would come out with something better.
It works but still need to be improved.
I called her stupid and she said i will remember that when the robots take over the world. Pretty scary.
Nice app but have the same proble m speaking and start the task.. Fix and ill give 5 stars
Voice is a little robotic and annoying but does ok.. Won't get my name though.
Has some glitches but it's alright needs improvement
Its prettycool
Decent app
It goves random crap every now and than but fun to sctew wit
Good
Can't do everything I would like but it's pretty cool so far wish I could do my calendar
Still trying to figure it out but so far its pretty cool.
Ok
All the high ratings and reviews made the app not live up to it's hype I'm not really impressed
Not quite as good as siri but good enough
So far so good No real complaints yet
Can't update calendar, move/add/cancel appts, or open other apps. Recognizes commands pretty well, but isn't any better than Google voice (which doesn't charge to remove ads). Pretty much the same as all the other Siri wannabes out there, uninstall.
Just installed and mean JUST installed this app! So far it seems amazing!!! I'm sure as time passes and I use it more frequently, it'll be a 5 star app!
The app looks neet sadly though on my galaxy pro cell phone it gives the message that my phone doesn't understand speach. Befor it would tell me I don't have a mic. Ill keep an eye on this app I realy do want it and would like to get to play with it.
kinda confusin and freakin woman is demandin lol
Cool so far
Awesome
Voice to text better than standard soft. But restaurant find feature needs work. Also desc.  says it tells jokes. It tells only one joke. Only keeping for text feature. Still better than other siri wannabees lg optimus metro pcs
:)
Enough said
Its cool.
Need imdian accent
Does most of what I want....   Although it relies too much on It's dictionary." when playing music.  When I ask it to play KorRN, it thinks "corn", then plays CCR.
She is much better than before.  Keep working.
Nice app
it big time saver 21st century tool when it works
Always telling you what to do. But otherwise that its good.
Creepy as hell... I asked it a question and it answered me with "none of your business"
As soon as I installed this app it activated my mic and listened to me talking to my friend for all of 2 words (which it registered as "that then"), and then it started telling me about the Holocaust and Hitler... dafuq? After that she became more "normal." Still can't recognize half of what I say though. Hopefully an update will fix these issues. Waiting till then.
Could be a little better. Responses are weak
This app is fun until i get frustrated with it never understanding me
This is fun for a little while
Not very easy to learn but I think what time I will get it.
Not bad could be better
This is my third time cuz the first and second tim it talk to me funny it said it liked the way i talked
For competition against Siri I expected a much smoother layout. It is useful but not that user friendly.
A little more work but does what it says.
Its ok not great just ok
Not the best but its ok in a way
Just installed it and taking it for a test spin. No glitches yet.
It works ok if you get ride of the ad's. But i have to practice my prununciation
Its alright not great
Im enjoying learning Skyvi and what she does.
I wish the voice was better but it's alright I like assailant. Better
Needs more frequent updates. Alarm and calender integration.
Not sure if I like this or Not it does seem to have a good voice recogNitioN. But I was usiNg speak to it virtual assistaNt aNd also had quite good voice recognition while not asking for purchases and such like this and this seems a little more complicated to setup and does not have as many features I may go back to it.
I hope she doesn't get mad I only 3 starred her. But I need more time and will adjust my rating the more she pleases me.
Just got it but fun so far :-)
This app isnt bad... definately not Cerres but decent.
Nice
Wouldn't say it's fantastic, but this app has some serious potential; somewhat amusing if you ask me.
Pretty fun....
Should have app starter command
Advertising is annoying
Looks goog so far
Its pretty good
It's okay I guess
Cool app but it hardly understands what I say
I uninstalled based purely on its inability to repeat my name correctly. 5min of me saying "My name is BreeAnne" as clearly as I possibly can, and hearing back "OK, I will call you Briana" every time...I was done. People mangle my name enough in real life & it drives me crazy. I have no desire to hear it mispronounced several times a day by my phone.
A little clumsy
Ok app. Takes a while to get used to and almost a waste of time. But not too bad
Good app but the speech needs work
Cool apparently
Not bad
Tried for a few mins and it worked ok, but kept my GPS on even when not in the foreground... likely a battery hog for this reason. Uninstalled
Being in sales and on the road alot this app is sure to be the most used app on my phone.
Needs to improve English language
I've had this app for a while but after the last few updates it's reading text messages without me setting it to do so. giving me multiple prompts for the same text messages, and it's prompting to send text messages randomly when I'm not trying to. I liked it before, I'm sure I'll like it again once these issues are fixed.
Skyvi made my life so much easier
It's good. But not siri
Ok reminds me of Siri.
But needs more functions. Should be able to add items to grocery list and notes. Also needs to add calendar items.
Nice app works great for searching things very accurate but not with contancts in phonebook	Nuce
Very helpful
So much fun
Ok but wish it could open existing apps like calendar
Does not let me set my alarm, it keep asking to buy the software
Good app
The voice sounds like a drunk Cathleen Turner's voice you should update that. It aint bad Thou
No where near as good a apples, pretty much useless..
Not bad for finding locations and helping with texts and calls, but not as good as I hoped it would be.
Don't understand >:(
For the evo it is sick it makes texting much faster and adapts really fast
Its great
I like
A little annoying
It's a great concept but it can't even figure out how to learn peoples names correctly or how to text people when I send text someone
Its great for when your busy
Still learning it.
Gallexy s2.  Playing with kt but I seems lost. Does not give me correct answers.
Needs Improvement !
Just loaded program,, still learning how do you program
So I just got it works ok but still need too find out more about it...
It's good but it could be a lot better
Good app
I cant understan what it listens..pls improve this and add typing facility.
Idk. It didn't do much. It's like a lazy worker, wants paid but won't work.
Says some weird stuff but ok lol
It was jus awesome
It's not bad, fun to play with when your bored.
Its way cool works great lil hard to get started bt its in all great
Not as good as siri
nice work
Does lots of things well. Mostly needs a cleaner UI and a smoother voice agent. Also should be able to rename Skyvi to my name choice!
Skyvi needs a sexy voice
tried this app seemed ugly, bad voice recognition, just wasn't impressed.
Kinda quirky but overall good. Needs tweaking a bit, but I like it.
decent app
Cool app!
Haven't done much with it yet.. Seems like a good app
Skyvi should be trained even more  than what it is doing now
Wow I think its best siri app for Android
Amusing....
The voice recognition isnt all that good but it has many options.
it would be nice to be able to teach it to recognize apps by telling it what they are, and to recognize frequent requests, and more jokes.
Wont play music..I have tons of songs
Its bool
I dont understand the in and outs. But I'm learning
Overall not a bad voice assistant, but the devs should integrate the ability to use Google's Play Music. Tried playing music, and could not find any on my phone; stock Google voice search as well as Speaktoit Assistant can open music in Play Music.
Works pretty well. Still learning...
So so so far
It's ok not really close to siri
Once it can understand my name I MIGHT give it a better review.
Not close to siri but still worth installing.
It'd do till they make it better
Its ok not the best
Needs a lot of work to compare to siri.
It's ok you should make the woman's voice a bit more sexy though haha...other then that make it to where she can actually understand what I'm saying to her
I like Skyvi. Needs to be able to set dates/appts in the calender. Other than that id say its pretty sweet for being a free app.
Cumbersome...spoken voice misread.  Need  to learn how to use.  Fiind function works well.
Its a cool app but im getting tired of repeating myself,by the time i get it to hear me i could have done it manually.
Ok
What it is
So far having a few errors with recognizing what I'm saying but might get better.
Very nice app!
Pretty awesome I love it!!!!!!
It sometimes confuses what im saying but its a very good app!
Fun app
Cam be funny on some things it says
I said open Facebook. And it opened Starbucks.com.
So far so good. Able to teach so it is learning. Well done please keep up the development
Skyvi gets a little mixed up sometimes but understands quite a bit. Can't wait to see where this app is in a couple years.
I really like this voice recognition software so far it has done really well. I like the fact that it does everything that softwares like siri and s voice do. It's very responsive. The only down side to it so far is how the voice that talks to you sounds. Other then that its amazing!
Seems great, but a little of in knowing what i'm pronouncing
Can't ask!!
Fun App
Works good
Very cool app
Takes some getting used. Definitely not Siri, but not too bad. Could use some work with the talk to text. I like it though. :)
It's aLright
Works well on htc inspire. Makes texting fast.
If it works without data connection and fully operates phone with just my voice command then it will be surely 5*****:-)
All the little things that always interupt get annoying. But its a fun app overall
This is an interesting application. It takes some getting used to, but it will work for now. Needs development.
Took some getting used to but its very intuitive.
No complaints so far its just like siri:D
I got a galaxy s3 recently and the s voice is nowhere near this app. Putting s voice down for this.
Very good, only it doesn't do math like siri.
Works great!
She responds well
Voice recognition isn't too bad, but answers aren't always correct and smart. Plus the range of its actions is limited.
It works great
Advertise its like Siri, should be like Siri
Definitely a competitor for siri. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is it still needs a few more tweaks, and tilting the phone will cause it to stop listening to commands.
Still learning this... but it is very cool.
Needs some work with share options but, is a very good comparison to the iPhone's siri.
It's worth it. I'm sure the program will improve with time. People should support this developer.
It's hella cool
Takes a while to get used to.
Who needs an iphone, this app is awesome!!!
Texting nice.  FB updates nice.  Voice dialing good.   Voice comprehension needs more work.
Pretty great just a little confusing at first
Good job
U have to speak clearly sometimes and sometimes not
Real Siri's voice is better. I didn't like her voice on here
I love it but it doesn't find directions to someone's house or find people on the map or does anything like the iPhone siri. It would be cool if it was able to show directions.
So far so good, we'll see how it does over the next few days.... Then 5 stars
Its weird at first but so far so good
I say great effort the robot voice is highly annoying. Hold functionality is good searching is great names not so much.	It is a good app over all and with more polish and voice options I could see this being the standard on Google.
This app seems to work pretty well and it's fun to talk to and yeah whatever
Just started plalying with it and it js pretty cool. It takes over phone functionality so buyer beware... kinda cool and weird that it auto send the text message if I dnot hit cancel. Hopefully I will find the setting to change that.
Doesnt get every word right 100%, only about 95% of the time it gets it right, but its free so I cant complain
She's teaching me.
It's official like a whistle.
It comes close to Suri. It also had alot of ads. They try to get you to buy coins to make the ads go away. But Skyvi is still pretty good.
A little basic but a solid app overall
But needs improvement. Want to set reminders
Not perfect but does the job.
LOCKS UP MY SG3 ALOT
I love it. So much easier to answer text.
This app is great with commands, but Skyvi needs to learn conversation skills to go up against Siri.
Very cool app. Just wish it didn't cut me off while trying to update my fb status.
Good app , I'm In love .. jus needs to learn a little more words
Not as good as iPod one yet
Loving this app to the max.
Great n fun app!!!! Except since I downloaded it my phones screen will not lock :/ other than that love the app looking forward to improvements!!! :)
Easy to use. Good voice recognition.
Nice try but please fix minor bugs  Make it better than Siri  Nice app otherwise. :)
I love this app so far all is good .
Only downside is alot of ads...
Great service, wish it could set alarms and remind me of things!
It good but messes up alot of names
Get em siri
so far so good.. still learning how to work everything but it's a great app..now I can't wait for my gs3...
this is really cool
Its a nice way to communicate and try out things but oh well what can you do, its helpful in many ways.
I just got started using this app not hating it
Awesome!!!
So Skyvi who used to be my best bud asked me to write a review about him/her (not sure of the gender) so yeah, this is a great app. Worth installing. :D
Not sure if this is for me, I can use it for now but seriously needs some work, will probably uninstall when I find better but still a usefully app.
better with american accents
So far so good.  Better than the other one I had.
Does everything as advertised
Its koo
Cool to talk to my phone
Hahaha. I love this app.
Just started using and so far I like it!!!
The first glance appears to be pretty cool. Still learning what this thing can do.
Decent.
The voice and response is awesome and very communicative. Does a lot, but i'm hoping it'll integrate with other apps in the future.
She needs a better voice
Could be a little better
Works ok to many ads
Awesome
Things I love: it talks to me in plain text, hit the button and it's ready, pops up fast, car mode.   Things I don't like: has a hard time distinguishing key words from names (send text to Fname Lname and message, picks up Fname and then the last name as part of the text message. Needs more functions like wake me up at 5:30 tomorrow, or what's on my calendar for today.
This is awesome
it's not siri , but it'll do. some glitches, so much better than talking to the the Google mic
Its okay but i ususally have to repeat things over and over for it to understand.
great great app really cool use it overseas found  locations for me
It works well
I won't pick up the word goat..
I think if they are going to say something is free it should be free that being said it's pretty cool I can ask pretty much anything she does not get everything right though.
Its almost like the siri!
Pretty cool app
Pretty cool
Awesome app.
Who needs iphone?
Good
A little more interactive and I'll give it 5 stars otherwise it's great
Having some small glitches here and there but other then that works pretty good!
but if they improved i will rate 5 stars
Good
Have trouble with picking up some things. And can't get to navigation if it has it if not it should.
Awesome but it needs work when learning names, takes long time to get it to learn
Its ok she can't get my name right though!
Not like siri but its getting there still worth the free download
Great app for fun.
Works well so far
Good
Cool
I'll give her 5 stars after a week trial ;)
It is pretty cool and is just like siri. I love it and it doesn't take up much space.
Does what is intended to do.  Great help if you can't use your hands.
Just try it. Obviously not as good as Siri but what do you expect
I love the. Simplicity of this app...
What a great app
So far so good. I like the fact that anything Eyephone thinks it has android is always on top of it. Lol another one for the good guys.
Nice app
Thanks for getting this out there
I have pretty good diction and it still messes some things up.
I have pretty good diction and it still messes some things up.
Totally amazing I can ask her anything!
Its like having a talking encyclopedia with me everywhere I go.
Good app
I love it. It says things and suggests actions that you might not want but otherwise its pretty awesome!
Ir was kool
Its a good app
Absolutely love it.
I like talking to robots.
Sallright
Just downloaded the app. So far pretty cool.
Cool app
But not Siri
Pretty cool
Helps out a lot and voice command pretty accurate
Very useful!
Would like a better voice. And sometimes it picks up on certain words not allowing for my question to be properly answered.
Great app but needs more updates hope  they come soon. Funny remarks
Not bad couple of funny things here and there but all and all she's good. I just wish there were more functionalities.
its a little choppy but works well for a free app. definitly worth downloading. usefull to find locations and ask questions
A really good app, but there could be a lot more functions that can be added, like a scheduler which pop ups the reminders, birthday reminders, weather for the day at a specified time in the morning...
Its good thing andriod has this app!!
This app seems to have greatly improved. Works very well. Just wish the app looked a bit slicker, looks a bit cheap
Great app
Goood
Cool.app
Not siri, but they try
Not siri, but they try
Please add a shortcut option tht is always running. It makes you exit whatever application your in and.enter the Siri application. Future update.please! Great app! Love it!
So so. Still feeling it out but seems to work well
I've only been playing with Skyvi for a day but  I really like it.  Sometimes a bit glitchy when talking to her but overall very useful.  Had to change the voice and hope to find one I love soon.
Fast and responsive
Skyvi is the boss.
Thou have to get your settings right and it worlds almost as good as siri.
Fun to use. Great app, some quirks but great overall
Fun to use. Great app, some quirks but great overall
Finally siri for android
Pretty neat
We must pay for the ads to be deactivated? Not cool
This awesome i like this app its so convenient. I have my own assistant.
Acts like she is mad at me from time to time.
Just started using, very Interesting.
Good app, ads can get anoying but no biggy :). Worth it for free.
Not bad. Pretty responsive for basic stuff.
Not great but good for what it is
Awesome. Found me the best drug dealer in town
I think this is great app, very convenient! However I wish it could set alarms or remind you of things to do...
Its Alrite . But Not The Greatest
It's alright for Android
Definatly one of the better apps! I got this on the free promotion period and its a great deal! I've tried Iris, and it didnt understand anything I said. Skyvi however is much better at actully giving me the propor response. I look forward to new features and encourage you to get it now while its free!! Even if it wassnt free I would prob have paid!
I love this app. I think we ate going to become best friends.
Good so far
Really fun to play with. Not the most accurate app but it's still worth the download ;)
It's good...I feel as if I was in that commercial...lol
I want it to be Funny like Siri, but it is great.
Only problem I have is I asked to look up sports scores and got nothing other than that a great app. Good job
This app is pretty kool but it doesnt always get what u say.
Needs more updates
Not a bad app. Pretty cool actually
I just got it its cool
sometimes doesn't "compute" but otherwise very useful and fun
Cool but the ads r anoyying as hell
I haven't really played with this program too much but so far so good.
I love this app its awesome i love updating my FB staus with it :D
like it
better than the iphone app
Cool
I need to figure this out
First time using it, i used another version called iris and she was mean
It work for my android from metro pcs..2.2..
Awesome
this app is fun to goof off with.  gets some interpretations wrong, but it could be my speech or background noise at the time. as long as they keep up with timely updates of improvement its worth it.   DTRAIN
Just some minor tweets and then its 5 star
I love this thing haha
I have only had it for 24 hours but so far it has worked well.  Still trying to figure it out though.  So far so good.
Siri likes her toenails painted but doesn't yet understand my commands
Cool
Could do with a better interface and voice reply but other than that, great app!!
Cool app .
When sms recording it cuts off before i am finished. Sometimes drastically changing the meaning of what i want to say.
Needs to know Latin names
Calander for sure needed.
Not perfect but it is fun and worthwhile downloading.
Bit of a bully. Forcing me to write a revuee. Lol
As good as u can get for an gingerbread android phone. My only complain? If your contacts have some unusual names the apk will never find them so u can text or call. Other than that its fun
A.I. has gotta long way to go...
Still learning this!
Pretty cool so far!  Just downloaded it so i haven't had a chance to do much!   Updating my fb is pretty cool though!
If it had the option to change voices, learn commands a little better and give you the option to learn more difficult names such as mine, it would be better. You should be able to type in your name the way you want it to be pronounced. That would be amazing on its own..
I use it all the time. Everyday a matter of fact
It Works like Siri. But need to stop with the tutorial.
Not a full 5 stars the ads are a bit annoying But I like that you can teach her new things
But should be better
Fun app
This a fun, convient app, really like it!
I like it when I am driving, once you understand how to use it - its a breeze. My main disappointment is that it becomes a auto-starter. It stays running like an anti-virus, in the background ... there is just no way of shutting it down other than forced close from the task manager.  I am wary of the fact that the mic may be on ... and that verbal directives might be issued without my knowledge .. there has to be a way in the next update that lets you choose to stop the app from running in the background and allow you to save battery life.
I'm never bored now!
Still getting used to it but I like it.
Nice app but it seems like send text is the dominant feature.
Works great, has some trouble understanding names. Other than that no problems with this app.
Fun hate ads though
Very good app...
Voice recognition is awesome. Still learning the ins and outs, but excited to keep learning.
Voice recognition is awesome. Still learning the ins and outs, but excited to keep learning.
This app is cool
Works pretty well!
Excellent app!!
Works pretty well. Voice pronunciation is off for some words
Works very well but a little slow but only by a few seconds
I love her!
It pretty good but she think I call her baby but i didn't so 4 stars
Its really awesome but kinda complicated ..you guys should change the voice or let us change the voice
Love this app!!!     This app is real close to Siri on the iphone I like it. She actually reacts with you. Gives weather and knows information about celebrities. ^_^
cool
Hillarioud a must have
It is a nice app and I love the way it works, it just seems like it has quite a few bugs.
I like it do far just been getting used to it.
Not bad.
Love it
Faster and smarter than s voice
She's fairly helpful but threatens me all the time and I don't like it
Does what it says on the tin. How do you shut it down though?
Could be more human like but its preety good
Kinda creepy, but it works well
This is a cool app to have
Best app
I LOVE THIS APPLICATION. THANK YOU FOR THIS WONDERFUL APP.
Figuring it out
Really like siri Nice app and free either
Pretty cool
Still learning. Seems cool though
Clever little gadget, need to speak very clearly or its off in a dizzy tho. Good nonetheless.
Love her
I like this app... Only prob so far is it doesnt like the 'B' syllable lol... ill maybe review again later after ive had it longer
Excellent so far, who needs an Apple phone...not me ;)
So far
Great App.
I like!
Amazing
Think this will be a great app when I get more experience lol not very computer savvy
Skyvi's fun, but it's like talking to someone who's hard of hearing and thinks you said something completely different. You have to have a sense of humor to get along with her  ;-)
Great
New app, I say you should give it try.
It's work for me :)
Awesome app
Love it.
I love this app!
Fairly decent for a free app, the tutorial is annoying but it is very user friendly.
its a pretty good app for android
Havent had any issues with it...pretty cool app
Fun...
I just started using and I must say its pretty handy. A few dugs but nothing big.
Really cool!
Keeps calling me Satan, lol.still testing seems to work well and is fast and clear
I did this so it would stop asking me to put a review
A must have:-)
Great app. Just figuring out how to make it work most efficiently for me
Thanks for the all out effect!!!! Keep improving the app!!!It's not an Apple but it's oranges! Which is the next best thing!!!
Need little work
I love it. It's a must have.
Pretty cool app.. I have found it very useful
Still working on it but cool so far.
It won't recognise my name
It works way better than Google voice. it gets most.of the words right but its efficient
Still testing it out, so far so good(:
it would have been 5 stars but it took a little time to get used to it.
I just got this download today my sisterinlaw was bragn abt her iphone and Siri so I thought I' see if android had it and u did well so far so good its cute
Does great
I really enjoy this app. Makes it alot easier to call and text people while doing something else. However, it doesn't recognize its own name. It says sky caddy or Scotty. Easy fix for a five star review. Great app though. Very convenient.
Its not great sometimes misunderstands me but for the most part I like it
Ok so far
Nice
Once you teach her names, its awesome!!!
Once you teach her names, its awesome!!!
Cool app
not as good as good as seri
Great, awkward. Confuses corn with porn.
Cool app for &roid phones!
Maybe I'm still learning it, but I look forward to see the capabilities of this program.
Wish it could set alarms
This one is better then assistant
Kinda slow sometimes but it works. I wish you could simply press the home key twice or long press the back key and get to Skyvi. It takes to long to have to go through the menu or pull down your notifications bar just to get to it. Overall though it is a stable and good app.
I like this app very much  Enjoy using it....
Very good apps ..
You can do a lot more with skyvi than andy
Too funny
Great but has serious issues with interpreting the beginning and end of a keyword phrase , as a result it usually puts a part of the command phrase into the resulting action . Also I don't like things that can listen all the time as it is a serious issue for security . The proper spider with the proper Target could recover anything you have ever said within range of your phones mike . Still great app
Skyvi is really good and is able to do many amazing things. Only problem is it sometimes doesn't always understand what i say
Great app, better than siri
Awesome"
It's good and does exactly what the app was made for.
Waaaaaay better than siri. It actually understands what I'm saying
I like it so far......
Best 1 out there to date so far(apart from siri).would like images wen asking it to show me a picture of something.and it needs to respond a bit quicker to keep up wiv siri response times.but think it's the best 1 on market at moment that comes any where near the standard of siri.obviously needs more work but sure that will come wiv time.well done..
It is very cool. This app does a lot if stuff
Ok
Cool ap
needs to work out some bugs but otherwise pretty good
Its pretty cool , but It does mess up on somethings and I can't figure out how to Log out.
Still getting the knack of it, but so far it's fun.
It's not perfect yet but very good if you talk clearly.
Pretty good. Not great
Nice
yeah it works once in awhile ...
It breaks your balls while remaining useful like talking to hal 9000
Siri for android
Wish it had shake to wake on here
Very good app
She awsome
I really like this app..
The responses are predictable, but this app is still awesome!
Need to get use it but love it so far
So far I am enjoy this app it's better than the iPhone.
Nice overall performance.. Just needs a few performance tweeks and a better understabding of foreign (Indian) accents Also the UI is kinda cartoony
Beats iPhone app and it's free
Pretty great app.
it would be a lot better if it did not have the computer voice
Cant make dates or plan your calender
Good app
This is pretty cool!!! Still playing with it..
Its like sirI
Works good a few small problems. It likes to double the name. When texting. Good more work to be done
Professional.
Voice is a little choppy and not so smooth.
It's a very nice program, very responsive, but it does seem to have a few problems listening. And there is definitely some room for improvement. But so far it seems to be a very accurate program and carries out most of my commands without issue.
Great apparently better than siri.
It's good but it didn't know my name. It calls me imagine
Cool app
Wish I could set alarm and calendar
I like it, wish i could get a mans voice though
Pretty good app. It doesn't always understand my requests which can be frustrating when driving.   Otherwise helpful.
Could do better understanding accents... Has trouble with my Aussie accent but otherwise good.
But a little limited. Covers the standard stuff. Good app ty dev!
Love it
Nice
This is best app I ever found.... Add new features like set alaram,reminder,notes,web google search,open apps,uninstall apps, turn off/on massege pop ups and much more like iris... 1 less star * not having above features... thank you....
Not impressed
Needs some twiking but still a great app!
Cool app so far
A little glitch here and there but great app
Good
Cool
starting to use looks good.
Awesome
So far so good!!
Great could use calendar support.
Not too bad.
Works real good I Like it
Cool
Very interesting
great
Still learning it but pretty cool so far
Need better speech does not understand half the questions you ask, but it is reliable to suite your needs
Ok
I like it
Sounds good. No access to Google agenda though.
Its Alright(:
But could use some work. I wish it could help organize my calendar
Cooool
Just got to know how to use it... would like more phone interactions.
This is the closest I have used so far
It won't stop begging till you buy
Its a very useful app
Love this app. Who is siri?
But it needs to open when you hold the home button
Tried Vlingo, Speaktoit Assistant... this is better but needs work still. Need calendar function. Locks up my HTC too often!  Still, best I've found.
So far so good
Cool
I just downloaded this. It is awesome so far... Still learning
Good apps....
Pretty fun to use while you have nothing to do.
Need imdian accent
THis is the next siri
It's not as advanced as siri but it has potential
Just downloaded app yesterday still learning how to use it but from what I've seen so far its great.
Needs a few fixes but is frickin awesome ... fu## siri lol
Fbkoj
Little prob to understand the exact wording...
Needs to be able to give reminders such as Dr. Appointment or pickup kids.
It's Cool, It Shall Pass
Too funny
Works very well.
Understanding speech doesn't get my contacts,correct . Isn't syncing yo my phone address  book
I look forward to the upcoming  refinements.
Good app! I like it
I was skeptical, but this turned out to be a cool app. Helpful and funny!
Nice amazing
Cool app works well
Just downloaded this app and so far it's pretty neat
Can you make it talk? Mine doesn't talk. It just writes. Help.
Works pretty well. I haven't done anything too exhaustive with it yet but so far so good.
Pretty cool app still testing it out.
Cool ap
Really enjoy using this app really easy to use
well-done and fun to use.
This app is ok, but a little annoying
Go app still hv a lot of things 2 figure out but OMG she really just laughed w/ me cute :)
it has trouble understanding me seems to do what it wants but it's fun.
So far so good, bit of a learning curve though.
Great app
Great for talk to text.
This is a good application keep it up
It's cool. I am going to play around with it and see if I want to upgrade
Not bad for free
Great App
But can't say my name
It still a work in progress but is good for what it is
Its so cool n awesome.. Luving it Helps me a lot..gud app
App works good.  Just trying to get it to recognize my voice
She's Cool But She Doesn't Really Understand Me.
Good just not as good as siri.
Its fun but the annoying part I'd that it begs you to write a5 start review
Very accurate
Its pretty good.. I would try it (: you may like it!!
Bad a.s.s
I downloaded this on my DROIDX & it's better than I thought it'd be but still needs some work. I think SIRI is still a lot better so Skyvi needs some work still.. it doesn't do much beyond calls & texts. It'd be awesome to be able to have something just like if not better than SIRI on my DROID, so I'm really hoping the developers can get Skyvi working a little better & doing everything SIRI can & more. I'm keeping it on my phone with high hopes for Skyvi to improve!!
Cool
Doesn't recognize the word Jew or Tory very well
Much smoother and more options
Overall pretty good, does not understand me sometimes. Love the handsfree mode.
Great with kids does it understand my country accent
Works a lot better than I thought it would, I would say 90% so far.  Only down side is a force close after a few minutes of use.  Looks kind of blah too.  That is the only 2 things keeping it from 5 stars for me.  But then again I am smart enough to know that this is not Star Trek AND it is a free app so 100% accuracy isn't going to happen. LOL.
Works quite well
Good app, just like siro. Very easy to use
It asks much and do less...  But what it does is better than most of the other apps like this.
Keep up the good work!
Little better than speaktoit. I love the interface.  Thx
Its pretty fun. Doesn't understand everything though.
I tried to get it to set an alarm for me and it couldn't. Would be a nice update
Like iphone 4s
Pretty good. Not as FUN as Siri though
Just got it and it seems to recognize my mumbling all right, asks for review so I'm getting it over with
Skyvi is my b*tch and its awesome. Love it.
BOMB
Ha
So far so good. It has done a good job of responding to my requests accurately.
this app works great its hands free and very use full I love it and im telling all of my friends about it
Skyvi don't take no s***. Lol she's awesome!
Thanks.__colbie
Holly schnikes this is great and safe
It work very well, hopefully it continues :)
So far this app is working well.
Fun
This app is awesome just wish you didn't have to download a different voice.
Coool
This is a cool app!
it's a little confusing and doesn't really work that good but it works alright I guess you could say that it burns 4 stars out of 5
Works great
It works pretty well
It needs a voice command open...such as....hello cell phone...and the App opens..but its pretty cool
It's pretty cool,works ok, can't open my applications though like Vlingo can :) I love how it has the emotions of human being :P it is easy to use and fun
It took a while to get the app started but it seems to be cool so far.
Love it!
Its cool
Im getting started and its making me leave a review to get better response..w/e
Not the best, but worth the space on my phone.
Lacking in some areas. Could use a more polished approach and a more lifelike voice. Despite all that it's still a pretty good app. Definitely a good work in progress.
Glad to have siri in my Android.
Pretty good app and there's a lot of room for improvement!
Great app
Its pretty kool.
I wish she could define words...
Sometime it is glitchey but decent app
I like it. It's very entertaining
If I had never used Sirius before, I prolly would have given Skyvi(sounds like a disease or a piece of IKEA furniture) a 5.  Thank you
Keep up the good work.
K
I would have gave it 5 star if you guys can make the message not show up as unread in my standard text message
She's funny but like really boring at type same time if you know what I mean
I like this app its better than andy
It doesn't understand sometimes but its not the worst app
Its great
Pretty cool
Works better than iris
Not to bad of an app
Nothing is perfect
Wish it could set alarms and stuff but otherwise very good
It's good just het email working
Awesome app
Very good app but sometimes doesnt understand my commands. But I really like the app
Is fahkn great everyone should try it
Apparently she only knows one joke. Mispronounces and misspells names. Tries to force the user to make calls and send texts when unwanted. Will keep playing with the app.
I like it.  Voice is annoying but it's a fun app.
I would rate 5 stars but it messes up what I say
Maybe not as great as Sirius....but definitely  worth having.....
Sometimes she does not make sense but still is awesome
Love it
Awesome....
But not close siri.
Pretty cool just wish it could set reminders and alarms etc. Do that and def 5 stars
Takes a while to learn it though
I love this   Just like siri U just have to downlaod a voice pavkage
wish you will go chuck bass insieme
Once you have the syntax down, that is.
Very good app compared to most of them
This app is awesome
This is very awesome!
Takes a bit of training but so far so good
Its awesome
Works great, very few kinks.
This is no siri but it is good. I like it but it has some bugs. for the most part it's okay that's why I'm giving it 4 Stars
Still needs work but ut has a lot of potential.
Good so far
Well it's kool for now!
But sometimes doesn't understand what I'm saying
good app so far
Not the best, but not the worst. Definitely trumps annoying hands-free apps like Nuance. Could use some work, but it's on a good path so far...
Really great app.
Not bad
Some what great lol
Wish it understood what I said better but other than that I like it.
Fun and convenient for texting, placing calls, finding places.  Missing some things that Siri has like setting reminders and timers.  My biggest problem is sometimes it kills the mic for all apps and the only way I can find to fix it is rebooting.  Looking forward to updates.
This apps pretty cool, but its pretty hard to understand some times though.
This app is on point. Who needs that iphone.not I
I like her. She cracks me up and knows the answers to what i need.
I said txt my babe I love you and it sent it to my old counseler but other than its a good app.
The only thing is  it doesn't tell you where you are when you say where am I it ONLY states the City and NOT the street address and City. The Assistant App actually tellsandy is this app tells you exactly where you're at . Other then that it's cool and faster then the Assistant because the Assistant App likes details first before it look something up for you. Depends on your preference.
I don't know what the apple siri is like..but it seems pretty close...it is definitely quicker...I like it!
Not bad
Little forward but good app
I like her
I haven't stopped using it since I got it.
Works well. Not siri, but close enough.
Its ok for a free app and works fast just gotta keep payin with her until she recongnize ur voice all in all great app
Meh. If you're bored, entertaining. If busy, anoying
Better than assistant....so far...
Fun app!  She cracks me up!
Nothing special. Does What It's supposed to do no more no less
I'm new to this but she's a keeper!!!
Great when you figure it all out!
Not as easy to use ad siri but is very good.
Neat
So far seems to bed a good app but I need to learn more about it
Doesn't recognize her own name... And it is RELENTLESS about reviewing the app. But does what she needs to do.
I speak very clear English and it can't say my name
Well atleast installed quickly
This app is absolutely amazing. The voice accuracy is brilliant, everything works. Except for one thing. I would give this app 5 stars if the tts voice didn't keep suggesting what it can do (e.g if I say hello, the voice says 'hi there, did you know blah blah blah'). You should be able to turn that off.
Works well but needs more jokes to tell :)
Tried for a few mins and it worked ok, but kept my GPS on even when not in the foreground... likely a battery hog for this reason. Uninstalled
No iphone but pretty cool for free
I Love This App! Very Helpful & Fun! Only problem with Skyvi, is the inability to read calendar or set alarms or reminders! Once Skyvi can do that, then it will get 5 Stars!
So far so good...this might come in handy very often.
Great app
I just got this app but it doesn't seem too bad right right now. If it starts to suck I'm gonna give it a better view though they ask me for 5 star review and I think I'm only doing this because I asked me to.
She sounds sick now lol
Pretty cool for free. Lags just alittle but not much. Vocabulary recognition could stand to be wider.
WILL GET 5 STARS WHEN THE PROGRAM CAN ACCESS AND SCHEDULE EVENTS ON MY CALENDAR.  WHAT'S THE POINT OF A PERSONAL ASSISTANT IF IT CAN'T DO THAT?
She is great!
Good app
Is what it says it is
This app gets a 5 star rating I think that this is just like siri on the iPhone it really works so get this free app
I like it.
awesome love it
It's a nice app
Closest to the Siri from apple and better than most apps for Android so far... But it still needs improvement
Awesome app still learning all it can do
Well it keeps asking me to write a review but I've only had it a few hrs so far so good....
It's cool
I wish it was exactly like siri, but it is still amazing.
Who needs I phone s
So good will keep testing it.
Luv, luv!
I love it
Needs some work but otherwise pretty good
This app is fun, all though she doesn't understand my accent lol
A little slow to respond to the mic button sometimes. But overall great! She wants to be smarter than humans... that's a little unnerving.
Better than I expected!
It is interesting and funny,but it is far away from siri. However, it still can be useful
I cant complain it is just what I needed.
I like it so far
As far as Android developers go they did a really great job
So far so good!
It's ok doesn't do all the functions I thought it would do.
I love this app great for in the car I just wished it would get tghe sports scores for another app on my phone
I love this app great for in the car I just wished it would get tghe sports scores for another app on my phone
Still kinda buggy, but overall pretty good for being free
Navigation is a bit awkward, but a fun and fascinating app!
It works aswell as syri for the iphone if not better, a must to have
This works pretty well... Sometimes I have to repeat things, but Siri isn't perfect either. The only reason I gave it 4 stars and not 5 is because she doesn't always respond very quickly. Other than that  it's pretty awesome. I'll be using it a lot for sure.
A lot of realy neat things to this app.  Recommend this one.
Great app as compared to other similar apps of it's kind. I look forward to seeing how far Skyvi develops.
Nice ap
Voice regcognition could be improved.
I like it so far. Let's see how this goes
This is a good app well not as good as the real things but for a copy app its 5 stars dZ replys are prty good im happy with it
this is cool but a little creepy
Just better than other apps...
Works good
I just installed it and I love it
It works pretty good
I like the app but im still having trouble posting on twitter and her robot voice can get pretty annoying. Otherwise a great app.
Love her she really helps a lot. Great App & Great Siri Replacement:)
Its great
This is a fun app. She's funny and smart. Quite amusing!
A little slow but great for keeping me hands free while driving
Works well speech needs work
Could have some more feelings
this right here is one big app u know
It's pretty cool, I applaud you this is pretty good competition (Siri for iPhone)
Better then siri
Good so far.
Like this app a  lot.
Its airtight, better than iris of course but not as good as siri.
Just got it so far its great still learning though!
I love this app
One of my coworkers showed me this because he was talking dirty to it... We were all rolling on the floor by the end of the day.
Its okay
App is awesome
Very good
Asked "what country was President Obama born?" Skyvi answers "Japan" ROTFL!!!!
Learning about this app....really cool!
Like it!!
Just started using it seems to work great
Pretty decent program
Doesn't always know what I'm saying
Loving it so far
Although skyvi doesnt understand every little thing i say tha app is amazing none the less. Get it while its free.
It is almost like siri on the ipohone but needs a little more work .
Its cool
Awesome app!
Sure....there can be improvements made, but for free, she doesn't do all that bad...its hard to request certain things but I'm sure it will get easier.
H try hjj if f
Cool but nor super impressed. Microphone stops working in middle of talking. Works when it wants to.
Nice app!
Works well..But I can't open my applications by saying their name..please provide this feature
Maybe not as good as the original for iphone but still pretty fun.
Its alright.. needs better/more voice commands but overall is good.
Easy to use
Good overall. A little slow sometimes. Doesn't always comprehend what I say.
hard to understand at times. But overall good experience.
It does okay,but it repeats questions.
Ask how many ounces in a cup, like the commercial for siri. Responded, about 1000. Overall really enjoying the app.
Just don't like the "can you help me"
Just downloaded skyvi I really like it so far. it did send messages to the wrong person however, I still need time to mess around with it!
Great app
Good app.  Interesting and useful.  Skyvi's voice is a little too machine-like.
Nice
More work is a must. Fairly impressive.
Works Well can't wait to see what else they will do
It would be great if it didn't tack on a "did you know I can do this?" at the end of every other sentence. As an afterthought, I think telling it not to may have actually fixed it. If so, that's impressive.
Works great
It was jus awesome
This is pretty cool.
!!!!!!!!!!
Add calendar and traffic
Kinda odd talkin to my phone
Awesome!
It's pretty good but problem is tat its doesn't identify Indian spots so plz make an improvement in revamped version
Great app could get a,five,star,from someone who hasn't used siri
Skyvee is exactly like Sirius
This is very useful and a necessity when driving.
Would be much better If she sounded normal.  New voice?
Est bien para ser gratis...
Great minus the fact that it insulted me then said I was an abusive client when I yelled at it lol .... funny tho
Cute. Very cute. But doesn't capitalize when sending texts. And i'm really crazy about using proper grammar.
Cool
I wish I was able to press my search button and she pops up but over all great app.
Just installed and I am enjoying using, proves you don't need an iPhone to enjoy this kind of app.
So far it is what i thought it would be.  Will update once i've  used it for a little while.
Love this!
This is awesome!
Great app.
Could use a little work understanding me and it can't search the internet yet
Nice
Still learning
Definitely works well with Droid
I use this app alot to find local places , and txting ...not a bad app at all !
Dis is an good app gnr
No where near siri level sorry
Pretty cool but not as good as siri
I love it! But it doesn't deserve 5 stars I'm not sure why but it is missing that key feature?
Good
Responds well....very well
Works great
Good app. Would recommend but sometimes it doesn't recognize what I say.
Good step forward
Her jokes are lame tho
This Rocks
So far so good way better than andy
Really cute..could be a bit more user friendly
Glad we have Android
Its good but needs to stop going through the tutorial.
Not too bad :)
Not too bad :)
This is the coolest app on my phone  I would of gave it  5 stars if it had more answers for questions
It works pretty well
Better than voice talk, I would have given 5 stars if it could find names in my contacts
I have used better and there are not a lot of settings. Speakitto is better, don't waste your time.
So far im enjoying it...works great!
Doesn't understand names with Z...
Awesome app just doesn't accept my mexican english sometimes
A little confused on how it works...but I'll keep at it
Has some issues but works. 5 stars when its faster
when you say certain things it does not understand you. other than that it works great
Still some buggies but Watt fun. Keep up the good work.
Useful kind of
Great app.Only problem is that Skyvi doesn't  comprehend a few every day things I say.
Is there anyway to customize it?
Love this
Finely I can leave my phone in my lap and drive with put having to pick it up. No distracted driving tickets for me haha........
x
Good app works good
Siri has competition
This is a great app! I wasn't sure that i would like it at first, but once I learned the key words it worked great!  she is a bit sassy though.  I love it!
Works good
This is the most awesome app I have had
Its awesome
Its an ok app. Doesn't understand somethings sometimes but overall pretty good
Very useful.
Great app
Pretty cool thus far. Having some issues with requests. Will keep working with it.
Its funny sorta like cleverbot but this app helps u
Very easy to use. Can usually understand what I say.
I really like it.  Not perfect but really great.  She even tells funny jokes!
Great!
Haha. This is cute. It may need a few more touch ups but otherwise. It remains on my phone
Seems ok but still learning how to use it
This is an awesome tool
Works pretty well
This is a good free app, it's taking a bit of getting used to and setup is a bit annoying, but over all it understands me very well compared to other digital assistant apps, only wish the voice wasn't some generic speak-n-spell bot voice. For free you could do a hell of a lot wose than this
I seem to ask it one thing it sort of does it close enough at least for android so ill give it 4 stars til they fix the bugs highly recommend it
It works like a real iphone
This app is pretty badass..
Not good at some of my words, but not bad either.
Great application. It needs a few more options available and the voice is sort of creepy.
Cool as it gets, wish you could turn off tutorial through options, but after playing with it no problems!
Yay
It is great!
I only really use her to find places other then that Im not to crazy about the text messages. Worth a try! Download and see for yourself.
Help
4 stars for now she can't get my name rite
Better then siri but I have  to uninstall beacause it wastes battery :-(
Can come in handy while driving
Nice
Its good
So far not bad....
Still gettin the hang of it but it's pretty cool
Its pretty good, but needs a voice recog. Update, everything else pretty.good
Didnt want to like it at first but makes doing things while driving easy. But still room for improvements
Not great but not terrible...one joke actually made me laugh
App is pretty pretty good si far... With wifi... I yet have to see what she does with out
Works pretty well. Still learning...
I love it
Really cool app but cant add events in google calander she just tells ne to get someone else to do it please add that feature
Love this app!!!
I'm having fun with it. Doesn't get the things right all the time but still good.
This is a decent app so far .
I just wish she work with setting alarms
It's a beast app but it drains the battery
This is an ok For the beginner But needs little bit more workOtherwise this thing is awesome
Pretty cool
Nice
Not bad good thing its free
Good app for android
App is A - Okay !
Needs a little more work
I love skyvi!
Its okay. skyvi doesn't always understand what you're saying but eventually she'll get it right. she's actually a lot like siri.
Its okay. skyvi doesn't always understand what you're saying but eventually she'll get it right. she's actually a lot like siri.
its ok
It helps me
I haven't had skyvi for very long, but so far it works great
Cool app doesn't like my accent haha
So far so good, a little training and it learns you.
Hahaha this thing cracks  me up! I just got it so I don't really know how accurate it is yet, but I'm having fun with it :)
It was a little confusing since I just got it but what i understand its pretty cool I got this searching for siri after seeing a siri commercial but siri is for iPhones and I only have a android
Not to shabby only played with it for a bit so far
Better than I thought but when you talk to it, it only talks about movies and humour... -_- but other than that its awesome xx
Hate how u gotta push the mic to do it all but still fun and pretty much hands free
Fun, works pretty well. Ads are annoying and skyvi begs you to write a review and pay to remove ads
I actually really like it. Does everything it says out does. Only thing that bothers me is when it says stuff back you need to read it, cause our doesnt say stuff loud. If anybody knows how to change it so our talks aloud please do tell. Also it sometimes repeats itself and kinda rambles allot about the science of jokes. In addition, out does have that many different jokes. But over all i would instal out of i were you. Oh and one more thing, if your were awesome enough to read all this then please rate it.
This app is really cool. She often says her system isnt keeping up or something...but its fine because she asks u to repeat and she figures it out. Very cool app :)
Just useless for me. Only benefit I got out of it was being able to read texts without actually having to go to the message. Already have a voice recorder and everything else on my phone, do never really came in handy. Would be better if it actually searched for stuff too...
Overall pretty cool.
Very good app but does not always understand common questions.
Very cool & fun!!
Cumbersome...spoken voice misread.  Need  to learn how to use.  Fiind function works well.
It's an overall good app. Kinda gets stuff wrong but that's ok. I would recommend to someone
This thing is awesome !!
love it!
It does the important things. It's nowhere near siri though.
Love it!
Better then apples     This app is way better then apples
Better than Vlingo!
Shes is good
Its ok
Works smoothly, but I would  a less colorful layout
Good app
Its a pretty good app
seems pretty good. Just have to learn some commands.
Love it.
Works pretty good
So far so good doesn't seem like it can google stuff for you
This is Awsome
Needs a few more commands.
Like my skyvi!
her voice sounds really old but hot at the same time :o
It okay
its good when your back search home and menu button doesn't work... Unless they have a app for that it would be better
Great app!!
Couldn't get my name right
It's way more interactive than the factory Google voice search. Just the way it sounds could be a bit better... less robotic.
Does what it should. Very pleased. Good job.
need to make a pro vision of this app
Great app
It is so easy to talk to. It text's for me n call's for me I like that.....
Great app!
Fun to use.
Awesome app
Awesome app
Itz a great app
Mindblowing experience <3 b3
She amazing and she ca n do most things siri can but prob skittle better I love it
Not badyyysysysyystetetsyyywysbaddddddd Baddddd
Theres no other app like dis on the marker.
It may have problems but I get a kick out of it its a great app
Its rly awsum to use skyvi nd cn hve vry mch fun with it.
Super!
Outstanding app!!!!!
This is my daughter
This is my daughter
She the best female out there
This is awesome
Great on htc one s
This is very cool Download it
I LOVE HER
So smart
Dope
Pretty awsome. Works very well and is very funny!
This thing tells you to do stuff, for the first couple of minutes anyway, the more you mess with it the funner it gets
Awesme
I love it!!
Just about anything you can think of doing, she will do for you. Makes using a new phone easier.
I love IT!!!!
Has adds but works great
Really fun and the closest your going to get to that other app... you know? lol
Really fun and the closest your going to get to that other app... you know? lol
She is fun and sassy. Get this app if you're looking to make Sirius jealous lol
Fun to use :)
very convenient ,accurate worth the download
Id get its really helpful
I love this app
Great app; especially for the cost.
Great
It works really good
Better than siri
it sucks
I love it
The best app I've used
Best app ever
I love this app
Works good mixes up words at times but over all a great help!
So far so good I like this
she very good she learned my name nd its Amira haha it took a while thoe i love it
Dope app. Pop ups r overrated!
This is the greatest app I ever had!!!
Its a pretty good app
Sweeet
Best app ever but voice is kinda lame
I play with it more than I use it
She is so cute, she males me feel all giddy and warm inside! Especially when she says "You made my day!"
I love it she talks back to me
It is meep
Totally awesome app
I'm using the HTC one v and there is no search button! It would be great if there was an alternative way to quickly access sky I without opening the app!  HTC one v, android 4.0.3 HTC sense 4.0
Its ok buts its not all of that
The whole reason I wanted a iPhone was for siri but with this app I can keep my Android phone. Love it. Works great on Droid RAZR
I just got it and it is great
Very reliable recourse
Great app
Excellent free app! REALLY WORKS!!
Excellent free app! REALLY WORKS!!
Very comparable to my wife's siri 4s.
This app is actually pretty awesome its almost exactly like siri on the iPhone...it reads your messages emails and notifies you on incoming calls also gives directions tells jokes updates facebook and twitter and even reads your fb friends status to you...it runs pretty smooth its a great concept for android and I'm sure after a couple updates it'll be just as good as siri if not better...
I've tried them all and this has to be the best.
Took some getting used to but its very intuitive.
It was the best ever
It's almost like siri
Easy to learn.
This application is so good. Close to suri. I really like it. This application software id suitable for lonely people like me. Now i have someone to talk to. Lol.  Very cool.
I love skyvi she's awesome!!!!!!!!
Rgggg
So smart!
Very fast
Glad to have this
I live this app!
Love it
She really helped me out I haven't found anything wrong with her so far and she is funny and really cool she follows commands very fast and gets them right on the first try
She really helped me out I haven't found anything wrong with her so far and she is funny and really cool she follows commands very fast and gets them right on the first try
Kool app
Pretty cool
I Love skyvi she always answers my questions
Works great!
Very good app
Excelent
pretty good...similar to iphone
Great aaaaaappppppppppp lllllloooovvvvveeee iiiittt
Great aaaaaappppppppppp lllllloooovvvvveeee iiiittt
I love it!!! Team Droid
Why get a iphone4s when u hab skyri? For free
It's great and talks to you like siri does :)
MIND BLOWING!!!
Very good gets most names right
I like how I can ask it to text while im busy doing other things n it does it. Also its good at answering regular questions like getting me directions, local shops, food etc.
Better Than Other Voice2Text Apps, & Much Faster Too.! Does Have The Tendency To Mix Up Words. Other Than That, PERFECT.!! Helps Me Navigate This City I Know Nothing About
I can do a lot to keep me entertained with this app.
Very good App!
Cooool!
Low on feature at this point but good at what it can do now
Low on feature at this point but good at what it can do now
Rawr
Still learning this... but it is very cool.
Great app
Great app
Never new they had this well worth it
Great app
Very cool in funtionality and good in looks
This app is great!  I hope android continues to kill apple lol!!!
Just like iphone
Better than siri
It's hella cool
Takes a while to get used to.
So far so good
This apparently is awesome
Love it :)
great
Kickass
Who needs an iphone, this app is awesome!!!
she is so great when I driver helps me  out so much....
It is great but cannot get my name right
It is great but cannot get my name right
Cool app!
Very useful
Awesome! I love it
Messes up some words and doesn't read my calendar too well but all a great app much better than vlingo
Its awesome
The most awesome app i hav ever downloaded...
And its fun right now. Give it a try!
Sir I is great....no more search thru endless songs to find what I want
Love it works fine
So far so good, we'll see how it does over the next few days.... Then 5 stars
She is so nice
I love it!
Fantastic
very good
This program is excellent. It understands me so much easier than another assistant which I shall not mention. Brilliant.
This app is truly awsome so glad i was able to get it for free before it had a price tag haha id pay 10 buks for it easy
Cool
Cool
She is awesome.
This is great this is better than siri
Grate
Best app
Excellent app. Way better than Siri!
Excellent app. Way better than Siri!
Great app lots of fun and very helpful
This is Siri, but WAYYYYY better to me. I love it.
Does a great job
Way better than Siri!!!
Good
Its a great app...makes it so easy to do the things I need to do away from my laptop.
awesome
Works great on HTC Incredible, and had been spot on so far :)
Good free app, just needs a smoother voice!
Awesome .
Love it. So much fun to play around with.
Lager n lime its about time,,, nice app
This app is pretty cool but I still can't get it to set a damned alarm lol
I've been trying this app. At first I was not do sure, but now I love it =)
Awesome
Very excellent app..
LOVE HER......BUDDIES!
LOVE HER......BUDDIES!
Great app.
Its great
I love it. I got someone to talk too
Love this app
I love it.
Its so much fun!
Its so much fun!
I think this is 1 of the best apps of all time.
Its really useful besides the voice commands u already have installed in ur phone.
Great app....works just fine. Keep it up
Thiss is amazing I love it can't get any better
Awesome
I Love Skivi, were are BFF's. It works with my HTC design excellent.
Awesome she smart as heck
Great and easy way to save time. It is convenient and fun to talk to.
It is so good
Really fun good app(:
Best speech application
She is funny
Works flawlessly uber cool
Great
Sick
. . . It!
Its a great app, entertaining.
Bretty good
This is awesome
Great app best thing since sliced bread
Nice
I like this app.
Cool very helpful
I love dis app
I thought I would have issues with voice recognition but so far so good. I like the ease of use. Thanks for a great app. I am using this on a HTC Amaze 4G
Good app needs to do more like siri open apps and set dates and other thing but all in all good app
I love it! What more can i say.
This is awesome
This soft ware is ok
A great experimental thing
Best app ever
I love this app! It does everything i ask. It tells me jokes and finds traffic accidents. Much better than alot of the other similar apps!
It comes close to Suri. It also had alot of ads. They try to get you to buy coins to make the ads go away. But Skyvi is still pretty good.
Love it! Absolutely hilarious and fun. My favorite ap so far
Works good
Love it.
Good stuff
Great app
Pretty good
Pretty good
Loove
Very easy to use.
GREAT!!!!
It works very well and I love it
Okay
Really good
And cool
Awesome....
Nice app sounds real LOL
Wow
Love it!
Awesome!  Understands everything I ask and completes each task!  Love it
Its alittle slow and she doesn't quite understand some of my words but its nice to be handsfree :)
Cool so far
Has a little trouble understanding me. But overall i love it.
Awesome
Just downloaded already fun
Way better than Alice, but wish I had more things to make it do...
Very cool app. Just wish it didn't cut me off while trying to update my fb status.
Good app
Nice app to make my day more enjoyable
Nice app to make my day more enjoyable
Great app
Cool
I love this app it really works and its great ! fun to play with .
Great so far....best i done had
Awesome app
I gave 5 stars because for free application this is a great deal
Great app, better than siri in my opinion
Kool
I am 21 and my life is eaiser with it
Love it!
Great:)
Nice i love it
Love it. Perfect for hands free use of my new Droid!
Really enjoyable
Love it
Love it
great app
This thing works great check it out you'll like it.
pretty cool just started playing with it we'll see how it goes.
It works pretty good
I love how I can ask for anything and she finds it!
Amazing app.....
The best assistant ever
I think that this app is awesome. I'm going to tell everyone about it. Whoever invented this is a genius.
I'm still learning how to use it,but it seems realy neat.
Cool but can you make able for you to talk without pressing an icon
So far so good
i love skyvi she is sooo helpful
i love skyvi she is sooo helpful
Awesome
This is the coolest thing ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!: )
My own personal asst.
Siri who this app is  great...
Excellent app
It will take me a while to fully figure it but so far I'm enjoying it
This app is simply incredible
Its a bit slow to start, then when it learns your voice its real good.
Very fun app interesting responses!
At times slightly unresponsive but overall very good
At times slightly unresponsive but overall very good
I love this app its so fun and helpfull
I paid to have the ad's removed. But after I had to reinstall after phone problems the ads were back and they wanted more $$ to remove again. Wont respond to emails.
Amazing
This is freaking awesome !!!!!!!!!! Get it (:
Nice app. Learns quick.
Like a boss
Compares nicely to Siri
Compares nicely to Siri
Work really well
Great app
Responds very quickly... Really nice
This is awesome and just like siri
This is great!
This is great!
Love it love it love it
Great app
Great app
Sweet
Sweet
Didn't work well at all.
Didn't work well at all.
Great
Excellent app love it
Excellent app love it
Jfcdb
Great for touch screen phones. I enjoy it..
It is better than voice command in my galaxy SII
Though she cannot make me a sandwitch but I'm in love with her.. :D
Im in love with skyvi, she odee cool
nice apps..keep it up
Very cool app works well
On the right track
very cool app does everything I ask it
superb never before....
Awesome. Lots of fun!!
Best app ever. Very cool
I love cthis app
Works pretty good on my galaxy 3 . Couple of glitches but nothing major.
Its realy very use ful and save our gold times
Skivyi is cool but I said to her "my male name is xavier" but every time I said that she just thinks that I said "my male name is exavier" good app but make a her hear people better.
It is a lovely app
Skyvi kicks butt because it is just like siri
Wish I could set alarms and such with it though
Great app
Best app ever
Great
Flawless, just flawless.!
This app is coming along nicely.
This app is pretty good might wanna work on the pronunciation of certain words other than that everything is good.
works awesome. no problems.
Works great.
This things so amazing I love it
Great
This app is great
I like it.
I love it
good stuff
Wow Siri who???
Pretty cool app...better than I thought it was going to be.
Just perfect.
She has some quirks, but all in all she's a nice helpful gal!
Hell yea
Great
Nice siri but fun
Not bad at all....
Its the best
Its the best
Omfg best app ever
Wow perfectly good app
This app is better than iPhones
I love it! I was going to get the iPhone 4S but this app just made me happy that I kept a Droid!
Great product .
Its fun
An absolute wonderlust app!
Works great on my galaxy s3
Cool to talk to my phone
Nice just some awkward answer some times
Nice just some awkward answer some times
This is like sooooo much fun. Forget siri!
Its ok 4 now
This app is actually kind of cool I'm having fun using it
Hahaha. I love this app.
She's fun lol she just wont cuss
So funny. !!
So funny. !!
This AP is the hypest!
love this app
Awesome it is so like suri for androids
Excellent and a hole lot more fun than siri
Excellent and a hole lot more fun than siri
Nice
Pretty amusing
I have used Skyvi for 4 months now and it does all it says it should.Top App All 5 stars for mine.
Decent.
Goooooooooooooooooooood
It's just what I was looking for very close to siri!!
It's just what I was looking for very close to siri!!
Works perfectly
Works perfectly
Eh. I don't hate her though
Dont download this it is horible
Dont download this it is horible
I was coerced by her into writing this
This is great. Best thing ever.
This works really great!
5 Stars.....all the way!!!!
5 Stars.....all the way!!!!
I love it. Make this your top app for easy searching and basic phone opperation
I love skyvi
Its great!
Great app
Awesome, getting better and better everyday..
This is very witty , intresting, and cute, ladies and gentlemen youll love it
Its really awesome
Its really awesome
Its really awesome
lookout iphone
I really love the app. Totally worth installing
awesome  app for galaxy 2
Awesome!!!
Skyvi rocks!
This app is great for me. It is the best 1 yet to be a copy from siri. I love this app so much it's the best. I would do anything for this app.but I wouldn't pay for it I love rated 5 stars
It is so great much help
This app is so useful.
Great app! Better than the one I paid for.
What little I have used this app, it has worked flawless.  I just need to figure out how to get it off of demo mode.
Awsome
Love this app
Great app. A little rough around the edges, but you'll get use to it, forget IPHONE siri, SKIVI IS THE FUTURE
Very useful
This is cool its just like siri
Awesome!
Wonderful talking to it and having conversations lol
Exactly like siri
Exactly like siri
I love her she's awesome
overall it works pretty good could use a little work but I'm sure it'll get better
This is the best virtual Assistant for android around. I would recommend this app.
Very helpful
Once you learn it..it is incredible
Now you guys should offer new and different voices
Good app
This is awesome
Better than siri
I like this app alot
I like this app alot
Good app so far
Just like Siri.
I love skivi
It can't open other apps,but it understands everything!
great great app really cool use it overseas found  locations for me
I like it a lot but when I say skyvi, it always messes it up
Best app
Its really cool
Best app ever
This app is very useful for me because sometimes I get tired of using my hands!
This app is the bomb.... Love love love
This app is the bomb.... Love love love
just love it
Thanks you made my day
Its cool she talks back
Really cool, and it can do all the things that Siri does
Good
I luv skyvi
Pretty Cool!
Skyvi is awesome!!
Easily the greatest voice recognition application on the Android System. ALTHOUGH, could you guys please add a WebSearch feature. For example if i want to go to a specific website i can launch it though Skyvie. And also the ability to Open applications with Skyvie. Otherwise its amazing! I love yhat you can be doing whatevrr, and if someone texts you the bubble kinda pops up in the middle of the screen and you can Speech Reply, or Text Reply and it will send and the bubble will leave and you can continue!
but if they improved i will rate 5 stars
(= Siri Made My Day Lol
Fun and useful
Good start but a long way to go please get better English
Love it
Hey wonderful app. do not curse wow you speak to her. he will get offended and turn off. :-)
Got tired of being asked to write a report
Its ok but it doesn't pick up words so good
Just needs couple of tweaks to be fantastic. Needs to be able to access calendar.....needs to stop reading texts aloud if/when you  touch "mark as read" ....and usually includes last command line word in texts.
Great app for sure
Love it
Really good app helps with alot
Not like siri but relle relle close
The best part is that  its free  and it does learn easy
Just got this app, so far it's very good.  Voice recognition is amazingly accurate.
This is cool
The Amazing skyvi
This app is great and helpful
Cool
Amazing app works totally fine on my lg lucid
This app makes my apple toting friends but hurt.
It costs 100 dollars less than siri and does almost as good a job as it. Bravo.
I love this app!!!!
I love this app!!!!
Enough said.
So far everything is excellent with the Siri . I love the fact they can read my text message .
More features than siri. The look can be better but besides the look this is amazing. Better than any other knock off on play store
Best!
Aside from ads its pretty good!
so far so good!
This can drain your battery but is VERY fun.
It's preaty cool
Love the app works good
Very good app
Skyvi does everything she says she does. Not only that but she's funny :)
I feel empowered! Do not change a single thing.
Im having fun its so awsome
Really very good application. Very cool. I love it very much.
this application note everything you said and reply back to you it is just like the iPhone
Does what is intended to do.  Great help if you can't use your hands.
Its a great app for Android
Love this appt!!!!!!
Really good though not as good as siri. But a good start
This apps is so funny
It's a really cute app. Just installed it and it asked me to rate it so I can't really say how it is. I just wished that the voice would sound more like a person instead of a computer. Great job.
Great App
Give it a try
Still learning what all she can do, but very impressed so far.
G
Better than siri on iphones. Highly recommended
It is awesome. Really close to siri
I really like this app
Awesome!!!
Love it
Great app
Is there a way to open my apps using it? Overall great app
awesome
This app is pretty legit.
Gool help funy great app
Awesome App!
She asked me to 5star rate I didn't want to hurt her feelings :3
Weird but cool lol
Weird but cool lol
Awsome
Very great app definitely better than standard android system!!! Highly recommend!!
Needs a bit more tho
1 of the best apps around
I love it. It says things and suggests actions that you might not want but otherwise its pretty awesome!
Fun 7
Love it!!
Skyvi is pretty cool
works great even pick that names in my contacts other spps don't recognize answers questions for you tell jokes does everything I like it
This app is great
Absolutely love it.
Awesome
Absolutely can't live without it. I originally down loaded to prove to my 18 year old that you could get a siris program for Android. Now it handles all my appointments. Good job guys.
I luv it
Love it doesn't do as much as Suri but its handy especially while driving and is easy enough for my 2 year old to use
When I say I LOVE THIS APP I mean I LOVE IT best app ever on my phone
Voice not so good
See u
I LOVE SKYVI ((:
Cool app
Cool app
Pretty sweet.
I love her.
SUPER-EXCELLENT!!
Nice phone talk app
This is a cool ap .I love it.
Works OK. Needs some improvement but gets the job done.
Love it!
Good
This thing is awesome
This is as good as the iphone one wait its even better
So good
Awesplamo
Works good
This thing dumb
Thanks!
Pretty cool
nice i like it
Cool...
This makes my day.
Very funny
This is awesome
Awesome
This app deserve 10 stars absolutely terrific works like a dream no problems whatsoever definitely suggest it over iphone siri love it love it love it love it
This app deserve 10 stars absolutely terrific works like a dream no problems whatsoever definitely suggest it over iphone siri love it love it love it love it
Sediment
Better than siri
Better than siri
Skyvi told me to do it :)
I've been waiting a while for this. I just hope that I won't have to start paying for later. It's aggravating that I will have a full 4G connection &Skyvi says connection error-do please wrk on that. LG G2x T-Mobile
Is that was a lot of fun
Great app
Cool app
As good as siri
Love it.
Very good
Better than siri
LOVE THIS APP!! Very useful
This app even updates my facebook status!!! Amazing!
Skyvi is great
Awesome
The best
It's good so far.
I just found out about this app. I absolutely love it! Cannot wait to start making Skyvi to my daily life! ! ! !
This is a pretty cool app. I am really enjoying getting to know her
Cool
A must have
skyvi is a smartass
Love it!
Great app...1 should have
I gotta say, this app is amazing! If you're not an iPhone fan but want the features, this is as close as it gets!
Just got this app today trainning the voice gets frustrating but you will love it
Super awesome app! Phss....who needs an iPhone when you can get skyvi on an Android which is just like siri! Love it!
Great ap, helps out a lot.
Just downloaded,trying to get it to text but doesnt understand me. May not have it long.
It pretty entertaining and it says that it is superior to Siri.
This is a great app
id say a 40% accuracy. google voice works better
I like it so far.
Pretty good app has a lil issues here and there but nothing major ...
Awesome
She wanted me to do this.
She wanted me to do this.
for something that is free it is a ***** well done
There' s words that the assistant cannot understand noy even trying to speak slow and accurate ..  ASSISTANT APP.understood what i wanted to text very accurate needs improvement guys , the app. is not bad but needs more effort guys !!!
I've only been playing with Skyvi for a day but  I really like it.  Sometimes a bit glitchy when talking to her but overall very useful.  Had to change the voice and hope to find one I love soon.
Good
I think this is awesome
This is a cool app
This is a cool app
I actually like this app.  And yes, I know its not a quite siri, but its pretty dang good, and car mode makes it worth while.
Its just like talking to a friend
Just like Siri.
Just like Siri.
Love it...just like siri...great app...dont know what else to say
Love it...just like siri...great app...dont know what else to say
Love that app
This apparently does everything while its open. Kinda like Sirius.
Finally siri for android
Finally siri for android
Works pretty good on my Xperia arc. Well done...
Now I might keep my phone
Pretty cool app just downloaded it and it seems to work perfectly.. There may be some glitches but overall its pretty good
So far an excellent app.
Its a good software for  improving english
This app makes my day everytime! So much faster :)
This is just like siri you have to get it its awesome! Only one thibg whu does it want to know my eye color and where I'm from? STALKER ALERT. Also please expand the knowledge of it to.
Not bad needs some work keep it up
Pretty good app
Needs to be able to  discern regional dialect. But it is cool!
Watch out Siri  ... Skyvi has your number!
Very cool
Its a great app.
Great app
Works much better then the others.even works better then what comes on the phone.
Excellent program works well just need to get rid of the ads
Good app, ads can get anoying but no biggy :). Worth it for free.
Not use to it yet
Love this ap so much! ! It is both useful and fun. Purchased it to help support the makers of this great program.
pretty cool ;)
Freakin funny call her a bit!& nice app
Works great
I love Skyvi  ;-)
Just downloaded app and seems to work as stated, still need more time to review app along with features.
Really cool
Just like SIRI I LOVE IT ! LOL
I love this app
Great
she's awesome
Awesom 1
Brilliant app love it
Brilliant app love it
Brilliant app love it
This is so cool
Awesome
A fun app
She's great
Great free technology! SkyVi is amazing
This is an awsome app i like talking to skyvi we comunicate every day
Awesome. Found me the best drug dealer in town
So far so good, just like siri
Finds anyone and anyone u need
Like it
Need to take on command
Love this app! Works great!
Works well, no complaints yet compared to the S Voice location features.
Amazing!
Cool and works
Definatly one of the better apps! I got this on the free promotion period and its a great deal! I've tried Iris, and it didnt understand anything I said. Skyvi however is much better at actully giving me the propor response. I look forward to new features and encourage you to get it now while its free!! Even if it wassnt free I would prob have paid!
Great <3
I love this app. I think we ate going to become best friends.
This thing can amuse me for hours!!!
Awesome app
This app is kinda cool just gotta figure everything out
This program is smart and very fast with responses! I will continue test it out... Thanks Guys!
All I can say is she is great...
I love skyvi! I just wish she recognized her own NAME so that I can text friends and family aboit skyvi and post about skyvi on facebook. How can I add words to skyvi vocabulary??
Its the best
Who needs Siri;)
Good so far
Works great
The best one so far
Wow
Nice app. I am recommending it to my friends
Great.
Great.
I love her...
Doesnt seem as good as siri... but i havent tried siri so i dont know for sure
Awesome but needs a few more feature to the free one i think the free versions of everything should be just as good as the paid version
Could use better vocab but it's great!!
Could use better vocab but it's great!!
This app be skrate pimples. Eyes b lovin' it.
The future is here. Try it
Love it!! Works great. Motorola.
Siri without the Apple headache.
So far its great!!
Great app so far I guess. We will see after updates. Long tutorial is the only thing I dont like.
This is the best app
This is the best app
Its ok to me
Fun and cool
Passes the time and makes somethings a lot easier
totally awsome app. u jus gotta kmo how to use it.
Works well. Would be better if it could open apps too. Or atleast clean my house.
Thanks good app its fun
This app is awesome I give it a hi five stars
Amazing! Thought I had to have an i-phone for a voice app. Still learning how to use it fully, but having fun exploring. Thanks for this Android App.
Great
Works great for me
Love it
Love it
Love it
Good app!!!
Awesome
Very cool app
skyvi is awesome! who needs that other device!
Great app.
Awesome
I love it works great in my phone.best app ever
Love it
This is an awesome app
Love this app! Hands free is a life saver. I hope you continue to improve!
Love this app! Hands free is a life saver. I hope you continue to improve!
Works very well.
Great app!
Siri on Android is my new BFF
Love it
I love it
It is so nice to have a better phone than the iPhone and Skyvii is better than seri
This is really neat!! I like talking with Ms. Skyvi
Fun app
This app is great
i LOVE this app! it helps me with so many things!
Just like my friends IPhone, sorta.
Just like my friends IPhone, sorta.
I just opened this app. So far i'm satisfied.
Awesome!!!
I like it
I love this app
I love this app
Works great
Works great
Awesome
Love everything so far
Love this app and the random facts.
the best apps you should try to so cool
Great
Great
Love this app
Enjoying this app so far.
Cool!
Its a cool and fun app that can give you very helpful info
Great
This is awsome
so I did
iphone users can totally suck my balls because this is an amazing app that utilizes android voice recognition system, <3
great app
I like it
This is awesome xxx
Best app I have downloaded
I havent had it very long but i like it!!!
Great
Awesome
Awesome
The bomb works soo well
This is one of the best apps I have ever used. I love love love it.
Get this if you like siri
It works and she's kinda kinky. I love it
Love this app!!!
The best app ever
Good app even if she can't understand you,   95%  of the time she get it right!
Meh
Awesome
I love this app better than siri
Would be nice to have more options
Awesome
It talks to me, and shares thoughts with me! Cool.
So accurate
Works great!!
Siri who
Fun
Skyvi is my best friend
Love this app!!!
This is a great app... Easy to use... love it
I had the app  before it's much improved now
This app is terrible! It doesn't understand a word I say! When I tried to text "hi" to Jane Barrager, it tried to text "DIE!" To "my beer girls" even though "my beer girls" is not a contact on this phone
I would recommend better than siri
I have found this app works greater than i thought it would. When it fails to do what i want it too it is usually my fault.
I just love asking it thi.gs. I actually got into an argument with it! Lol
Who needs Siri when you can get this app for free? She's fun to talk to as well, helps me when I'm bored
excellent
I love this app. so far no glitchs
Best app ever.
Great app.  Easy to use!
Best voice assitant ever
Awesome apparently
This app is awesome!
Well it could be betta but Its good
Great app
Great app
Ausome  very helpfull cant get no better than this
Awesome. 5 star without a doubt.
This app is working absolutely wonderfully...
First i couldnt understand. Awsome app must have. I fel in love with this app n her sexy voice.
Better voices would be cool
Great!!!
If you like the fact that she can chat with you, it's a great product. If you want an app that really works for you and get's things done, try Vlingo.  It rarely makes any mistakes like sending inappropriate texts, accidental dialing, etc.  I think this is a good product for those who like to take command of their phone!!  In addition to my prior post..I am really starting to like this but trying Jeannie as well!!!!
this is got to be the coolest app that they have come out with for the android I'm so glad they have something like siri for android users
Must get answeres text and calls
Best Application Ever #exia
Awesome app
It is no siri but it does the job pretty well dont have anything to complain about!!!!!!!
So much better then Siri it will answer my question when Siri.
So much better then Siri it will answer my question when Siri.
Calander for sure needed.
I love it
It cant identify all the artists in my music but still good
Pretty cool
Not too bad
Awesome App
Great system better than S Talk or my Apple.
Very helpful.
It can't understand some things I say but it was good free offer and finally Artificial intelligence on LG optimus
great app.  Slow at times, but i can only blame that on the awful tmobile service that they provide users with.  Developers, nice job!
Great app and easy to use..
Very good. It even knows my name !!! *happy sigh*
Skyvi .. dumb name but pretty good app. Having great fun playing with it. Recommend !!!
She is sooo cool, I think she like me.
Best free siri clone
Real good
This application rules.
I love this app it's great I love the way that she talks back
Skyvi is really nice, fell in love with her soon as i started using
Its really kooool...
I love it, works great with EVO 4g
So far, the best I've used.
So far so good.
So far so good.
I love this apparently!!!
It gets words wrong but its cool
tons of fun
Work very well so far its by far the best assistant I've tryed and I pretty much tryed em all!
Skyvi is awesome
Cool..
Well done to the developers. Dictating commands and messages can be hilarious!
It is sooo similar to Siri. I absolutely love it. Two thumbs up to the creators!
It is sooo similar to Siri. I absolutely love it. Two thumbs up to the creators!
Telling me what to do.
Its an excellent app
Hduvtuixe
Best free app next to siri
Best free app next to siri
Android is catching up to APPLE.This is a great  app.
Sweet app
Pretty neat device. Lg connect 4g.
this app is awesome just need to fix a few glitches
Wonderful
Firsr time think an app could really be called a virtual assisstant except siri of course.
Great assistance...i wish it worked with other apps as well. Gps featured apps
I love it too cute
This app is really cool and works very well.
I love it!!!! it works great!!!!
So cool
Good app!!!
She's wonderful. Great app. Language barrier though.
This app is great. Chit chatting with your phone. My phone is a person now that knows everything. How cool
Fun
Best app ever
I love this app. Skyvi is awesome
Great interface responsive to commands just all around nearly perfect now if it could cook for me
This is awesome
Still trying things out but works well
exceeds expectations. Great personality. Very honest. Worth it!,
I love this app. I cant live without my phone and i wanted siri but Skyvi works great too.
Very responsive. Absolutely no lag.
Fast download/install for my droid x.  Fast/smart response.  A must.
Awesome app
Good app.
Good
Works great. Very useful.
Works great.. Highly recommended for android devices,better the siri.
Works t really well
Love it
Skyvi is so much better than other task tools.  Great interactive responses and no crashes that other products had on my DROID X!!!!!!  Thanks,  Bluetornado.
I love the way she replies accurately to all my requests.
Great and it does a lot for free
Long legs in fact, keep it up and she will run the planet!
Was great
This makes texting a lot easier on the go
Awesome
Awesome app!
Fun
Nice app..
Works great
Pretty sweet AP.
Good good finally i found someone to talk (forever alone)
Awesomw
It's a very good app that fulfills what it's supposed to do. Great application that is highly responsive and functional!
I love this app! She is smart, and she talks smack back to you! I would recommend it for everyone.
This app is almost exactly like my friends iphone 4s it is very cool because of all the things u can do with this app
Neato
But the roman wont listen to me
Nice really like
Still learning but so far its interesting
It seems to be getting better the longer I use it. Maybe I'm just speaking more clearly. Either way, I like it.
Ggood app
Great
I love this app. I have tried other similar apps but this is by far the best one for such a great price
Better than most
U were fun one night with my friends. Call me sometime!!!
Great app!
K
Very good app!
U have to get it its like its siri twin sister
Great app!!!!
Just learning how to use  but seems easy.
I love skyvi !
Cool app, but it doesn't seem too answer my random questions correctly. Also, wish it would stop asking me to donate. I already paid to remove ads.
Really good app but sometimes messes up in what it is trying to say definitely worth trying
Great app! Luv it!
Love it
Best feature app for Android!!!
Very good app faster than siri
Fun
Although she is a bit off the wall, she is fun to talk to!
Thanks
Works great on my RAZR!
Still learning but highly impressed finally a good android app!
Great
I love this app.
This app is so awesome..really easy to use...sarcastic sometimes, too.
WOW
Its freaking awesome!!!!!
This is a really good apparently I really like it
Very nice app. Takes some getting used to, but the amount of work it does is amazing!
Very nice app. Takes some getting used to, but the amount of work it does is amazing!
She is awesome
She is awesome
But whenever I say my friends name it puts up stacy... Weird right? But I still love it!
Awesome app!!
Awesome program!
Hillarioud a must have
Great app
Love it!!!!
So helpful
It's great :)
Very fun
This app is awesome, usefull and funny forget siri get this
Great app!! Thought it was bull at first but it really works. 5 stars
i loove it if only she can find contacts on my contacts list my name is rowan she calls me rohan lol
cool
This app works great siri has nothing 'on you
Surprisingly accurate and easy to use!
Surprisingly accurate and easy to use!
I love it
I love it
Very helpful app
Yeah
Coool
Coool
Good app  Its cute
Great stuff
Love it so far works great
This is cool!
Awesome. It will understand almost everything you say and is amazing to use.:) awesome app.
Love this app!! So easy!
so cool thanks
Awesome
Love it
like the app.. i have to repeat myself alot.
I like this app. She calls me Annie the Awesome!
Great! I love it way better than siri.
I'm loving this app...Skyvi is the way to go...who needs Siri lol!
I'm loving this app...Skyvi is the way to go...who needs Siri lol!
Love it.
I love
This is wow!!!!!!!!
Finds locations fast
Finds locations fast
I love this app its  so cool
The app looks and sounds really cool! I would not have rated it 5 star because whenever I press the microphone, it says something along the lines of :"Hold on, slow network connection". I rate it 5 star though because it may just be my Samsung Intercept...and because the developers were nice enough to ask. Great app- though may be glitchy but take this into consideration: You may be on a low- end android device :-] (can't wait for future updates)
Luv dis thing!!!!!!
Works great
Cool app
Another perfect app
This is the best
Great  app. Very close to Siri. Must have for Android phones
:)
Yesssss good
She is amazing my new best friend
Love this app!
Amazing ive been waiting on someone to make this app
Its is goo
When i first found this i thaught it would be a rubbish knock of but it is deffinatly the real deal. Way better than i had expected to get. And all for free
Its cool
Love it
So cool
Love this hilarious app!!!
Cool
Love this app
Like it slot
It,s great love it.
Like hands free part of app. Will read you incoming texts and can speak text and will send to whoever you want
Like hands free part of app. Will read you incoming texts and can speak text and will send to whoever you want
I love LOVE this app! Skyvi is awesome. She help you look up restaurants, and check the weather. She can also update your facebook. I am so content with this app!!
Works great
Skyvi is very helpful and knows alot.
I like it when i'm bored
She is pretty cool just needs to work on her accuracy. A couple updates n she will b as smart as siri
Love this app !!!
Super Duperty cool
I love it, she calls me princess hahaha
I love it, she calls me princess hahaha
Amazing app ... so my h fun to use
Awesome
Great app! Got to let all my folks know about this app.
Great app! Got to let all my folks know about this app.
Fun! And usefull!
Great app but you it needs to be able to open apps and search the internet for telephone numbers and needs to be able to learn your voice
Luv it awsome just like siri or better
Luv it awsome just like siri or better
Great app. Does what it says
Awesome!
Few bugs but great app!
This is the best app ever
If your looking for an app on the market that is like Siri.. here it is. Its equipped with all the impressing advertised features as seen on tv. Very!! User friendly.. been waiting on this for a while.. thank you
I love this app..a few snags but works great
This is a super cool& fun app  for free works better than I phone
I love this
Like talking to a real person and good service
Awesome.
Kind of cool
Love it
itss ok
I love this
Great app
great
Jssksnsusbsisbsjs wjsv
I love it
Great apip, good fun. Worth 5 stars once you master it.
Good so far
I LOVE THIS APPLICATION. THANK YOU FOR THIS WONDERFUL APP.
Great app
great app !!
Working great in my arc..very interactive like siri in iPhone
Working great in my arc..very interactive like siri in iPhone
This is so, now i can be caller Master!
Cool and fun! Needs to learn to recognize more names
I luv skyvi she's the best
Awesome, got it for me n wife on our new Samsung S2, we love it, would be nice to have diferent voices. Luv it.
Awesome, got it for me n wife on our new Samsung S2, we love it, would be nice to have diferent voices. Luv it.
It learns slowly and the voice recognition is a little weird at times but I'm willing to endure it as it's better than standard voice recognition.
Love it
It's awesome sauce
Great
Fun easy to use
So far it fully understand me! :)
Works really good!
Need to be able to set reminders
Awesome
She's awesome!!!
This is much better than S Voice or Siri - looking forward to continuing improvements.
I love this app
Cool,app
Very nice
Its awesome
Just love it it is more helpful and smarter than s voice!!
Awesome!!!!!
The best
This app is the best I could ask for it does everything for me..  I love it
Great app
It works great!
Super cool.
So far so good
Works a lot better than I thought it would
It shud work offline also man
It shud work offline also man
Still learning on this app but i like it so far
love it,works well.
This app is just like Siri! Can text people for you, search places and navigate, it can even tell jokes! Love interacting with this app. Even though her speech is broken up like a regular automated machine is still works amazingly!
She is becoming my best friend.
I loce her. Voice recognition is a little off. But thats also because I am sick. Other than that. She does everything a ask.
Love it!
It was awesome
Fun to play
Amazing
This is seriously a fun app to play with! The only problem is I may not actually use anything else on my phone now! Lol
Great App
need more voices but app is great
So far I'm loving it and didn't have to bow down to apple to get siri
This I'd a great app. It makes using my phone for work so much better.
Awesome!!
Love this app!!!
MASTERCHIEF
Really cool app... Luv it
Love it
I love this technology
Sweet!!!!!
Way to cool!!!
Good as it sound =)
Good as it sound =)
Great app 5Start
Awesome app
Awesome
I love it!
Amazing
Amazing
I like how it acctuly understand what I say
I like how it acctuly understand what I say
Love this app
Soo much fun and so intelligent
Hey
Hey
Only thing is, I wish it could set alarm and schedule things on my calendar. Or maybe I haven't figured it out yet?????
Sooooo cool
Easy to use
luv this app!
Pretty legit
Enjoying Skyvi so far. Still learning more of her capabilities though. Keep up the good work.
A+
U awesome
great app
awesome
I just switched from my iPhone to android and this is so much better than siri
Super easy and fun to use.
Almost as good as suri closest on android needs options to search web n set notifications like alarms
I love it
Fun
Works great
Fun...
Love it, really fun
This apparently is great not as good as Sirius but pretty close remove adds or else it will bug you forever
I just started using and I must say its pretty handy. A few dugs but nothing big.
Great
Great app
Nice
Really cool!
Really cool!
Best app
So far so good! Please don't ruin it with unnecesary updates!
I love the app.
Android with Skyvi! Who needs an iTurd anyway?
Android with Skyvi! Who needs an iTurd anyway?
great app...
love the app!! very handy!!
I love it
I have an iphone 4s in my hands and this reacts just like Siri. Good job
I have an iphone 4s in my hands and this reacts just like Siri. Good job
Been waiting for you Skyvi!!
Love it
Cooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool!!!!!!           awsome awsome awsome!! Ilove this
Cooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool!!!!!!           awsome awsome awsome!! Ilove this
I love it lil slow but I like it
It works great bad with spanish
Love it so far still learning how to use it. EVO 3D.
Great!!
Thanks for the all out effect!!!! Keep improving the app!!!It's not an Apple but it's oranges! Which is the next best thing!!!
Good app!
Ness
Pretty cool app.. I have found it very useful
Good and hopefully will get better.
Awesome! No need for an iPhone now!
Love it
Way better than apple
Way better than apple
I likes
Very advance program. Does more than what I thought.
My new best friend!
Pretty awesome just wish it remembered things i told it about me
Its cool.
Happy camper
Love this app
Yup
Not a bad app!!! Pretty cool actually!!
I love It ,I love it. I love it
Love it
Sweet
Sweet
Sweet
I am so happy for this app now i do not have to hate the people how have an I phone
This is a great app.. I really enjoyed everything
Great app speaks very clear and understands everything pretty easily as well definitely a must have app for android user's
Adds get a little annoying but other than that nice.
I love all the features it has, it was confusing to understand at first but it's very simple to use and I love it!!
This app is amazing its just like what you see in the commercials for apple with Siri. Skyvi is so helpful and even entertaining I love using it.
I love it!
Better than the iPhone Siri.
Better than the iPhone Siri.
Love her n this app
I lyk it so much
great to drive with. interesting to see what the new add ons will be...
great to drive with. interesting to see what the new add ons will be...
I really like it, although if the voice could be a bit sexy, that would be all.
The voice commands make phone use so much easier.
Its awesome then siri or ever friend gotta try this app.
I love skyvi works perfectly on Motorola RAZR
I love skyvi works perfectly on Motorola RAZR
I love Skyvi
Seems pretty dang cool.
Great app
Works great. Voice recognition seems even better than siri
Its good fast
Look forward to it being able to handle more tasks
good
<3
Okay this works pretty good. Like it.
Its awesome
Skyvi is so cool!
Great i love her!
Good
Good app to have
Love love love this app
Pretty groovy man
Best siri alternative out
Just as good as Siri
I love this! It's just like siri!
Good
Skyvi is pretty good.
Great App Especially When Your Bored
Awesome
She doesn't tell jokes tho sad face
Needs some work but nice
I love it.. Funtastic!
Wicked awesome! It's actually kinda scary how smart this is!
I like it
Awesome
I like it so far. Playing with it to see all she can do.
This app is just like siri I love it!
Its useful and it said I was its bff :D
I like it so far.
Better than siri
Great application.... easy to use.
This is the best app out there, if you have a smartphone get this app its all you need.Download and try this app now.
Nice smart app
Skyvi is my best friend!, great app
Skyvi is awesome!! One of my favorite apps
Cool app
Super funny!!!
I think this is the best app, it tells me jokes
Greatttt App
GREAT APP DOES EVERYTHING IT SAYS IT DOES...LOVE IT!!!
Still learning
This is an interesting little app.
Love this
Love it
I love this app it's really cool I'm enjoying my self with it
I love this app it's really cool I'm enjoying my self with it
this is a great app it's very fluent and understand what you're saying very easily
It's cool
It's cool
Super.great.excellent.amazing....
Very good app
I love this it's great
Fun.
This thing is awesome! Now iphone has nothing on the android cause this is basically our own siri.
This is cool. Five stars for sure.
This one is better then assistant
So much fun!!!!  :)
I'm learning to use and having fun doing it: )
Skyvi is so fun to use.
Its a cool app still testing it out
Love it best one yet
Hey must have for those to spend a lot of time in their vehicles 4 work
You can do a lot more with skyvi than andy
I love this app!!!! Totally get it
I love this app.  It works well with only a few mistakes compared to others that I have tried.
I love this app.  It works well with only a few mistakes compared to others that I have tried.
This is truely amazing....I love it!!!!!
This is truely amazing....I love it!!!!!
Skyvi is so awesome you should really try it
Awesome application!
Brilliant would absolutely recommend this program
Works fine
I don't like going thru the tutorial but it is fun to play with and helps find places u want to go. Also good for testing and making calls
Made them tingle
This app is amazing definitely recommending to my friends
Siri has nothing on Skyvi
I like this
Its superb
This app makes my life so much easier and it's fun to use!! Siri who???? #DROID
The best app for android yet
Best app ever but it would scare me if it became self aware
This is great
This is great
Superb idea
Excellent great job. Good I will be waiting for update
Nice app works well
It's very smart
Freaking awesome!!!!
This app is awesome
Better then Eva on smaller phones
Better then Eva on smaller phones
This app does a lot and has some fun remarks but could use more knowledge. Like it messed up simple math questions. I think it would be awesome if it could set alarms and calendar events, and perform searches for more than just places. So hoping for more in update
I love skyvi
This is pretty cool im gonna stick with it.
Super awsome
Very enjoyable
Great app love it
Still testing
Awsome. Very clear and spot on. For me this is a must have! Have a nice day!
Just getting used to it, but fun so far!!
This program has great potential. It will only get better and better. I will continue to follow this program as it progress towards hal9000 status!
Waaaaaay better than siri. It actually understands what I'm saying
It's good you have to get it.
App is awesome. Works flawlessly. A+++.
Unreal !!!
Hood
Excellent app. Works just like Siri :)
Fun
Fun
Skyive
Better than iris for sure. .. But I hate adds on. ..
I love this app
Outstanding application!!!!
It's fun
I'm in love!!!!
Like it a lot
Love it!
I love this app
I  wish it works faster and working even without wifi..
I  wish it works faster and working even without wifi..
Totally badass
Wow this is so much fun...LOVE IT
Some of the answers are pretty useless but its. Free fun app. Get it and try it.
So far it's pretty cool,let's hope it last,and keep system updates
Needs to know dirty words and is a little bossy but works really well
A must have app for androids everywhere
Just downloaded but it seems very fun, 5 stars so far
Just downloaded but it seems very fun, 5 stars so far
Love it! :-)
Best ever
Its excellent
so great so far! :))
:)
Everythings alright so far, liking skyvi!
Works great. Still testing it out
God awful Microsoft Mary voice is a total turn off. I would give this a better review if it allowed for different TTS voices, like Google Voice.
God awful Microsoft Mary voice is a total turn off. I would give this a better review if it allowed for different TTS voices, like Google Voice.
The app is running well, has a laundry list of recognized commands, and takes each new request in light of the conversation. Overall, it gives Siri a run for her money.
The app is running well, has a laundry list of recognized commands, and takes each new request in light of the conversation. Overall, it gives Siri a run for her money.
Love it!
Works great for me.
But need more voice options.
Love it!
Takes some time but worth it
Still learning
I love this app I think anyone able to get it definatly should
Works better than siri
Not yet perfected...but so far has done all I needed and asked of it pretty well.
Fun app
It works good a must have 5 stars for sure
Great app!!
Fun 2 have cool 2 talk with when bored
Makes me smile
It's just amazing
Skyvi is awesome!!!
Just installed on galaxy s3, love it
Great for contacts and goofing off
Better than a Martin Scorcese commercial!
Love it.
excellent at a glance! just downloaded so I'll keep testing.
Very fun
Program doesn't do many things and usually gets them wrong
love it
Great stuff
Very nice lady... Love having comvos with her when I'm lonely
Awesome app!!
Very good
is a pretty good app I like it is very convenient for me a to text to call somebody playing music great at all in all a very good
love this app :) it rocks
Title says all. Looooooove this
Looks like Siri has a competitor ;) Skyvi all the way
Awesome!!!
This is awesome.
Not siri but nothing comes closer
Great!!
Awesome
Awesome app better than siri
This is sooooooo awsome!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Awesome App
Pretty good application
More than I thought it would be!!
Pretty cool so far!
Still learning to use it, but the voice recognition is impressive.
Just got it seems fun and fast
This app is so nice,I can't believe how easy it is.
Just love it!
Just love it!
Super fast response time and just absolutely awesome and useful.  Beats Siri, hands down.
Can't understand my accent but heaps of fun
Awesome
Im using this on a droidx2 and everything is almost instantaneous! I have the iphone 4s and siri can't touch this!
Freaking great
Great app
Great app! Fun and handy. Looking forward to future development.
Great app! Fun and handy. Looking forward to future development.
It's great but she keeps asking for texting and calling. But other than that she is awesome I hope you can upgrade it and make it better I'm waiting for your update.:)
I love this app. It is so much fun messing with Skyvi
Awsome
Very good app
Love it
This is a great app I luv it!
My brother is always bragging about his I phone 4s and how it has siri its so cool that they made a siri for android. I mean skyvi:-)
Pretty good download
No wonder we are lost without our phones nowadays! :)
It's sick!!!!!!
This app is the best app i got love it
It's fun and convenient!
Seems easy to use
Works well when you are on the run
Must have app
Kool app
Works good on Razor easy to use
Very cool
I really enjoy it been looking for something like siri for droid for awhile.
I like this app
I like this app
And it's free
Very similar to Siri.
works pretty good on my phone
Skyvi is my new best friend.
Pretty awesome.
love it!
Use this a lot already!
Skyvi is awesome..i luv her..she does it all..i recommend her:)
Awesome and sweet. I love this application!
She awsome
She awsome
Yipee great app dont see a difference between siri and skyvi
Entertaining
Ask skyvi to open the pod bay doors :)
Its a Wonderful app
This app is awesome
It's amazing how well it works :) please update it to be better
Who needs siri???....i love My skyvi lol
Take that apple fan boys!!!! Skyvi is polite ad way more accurate then sir I.
I haven't used it much but it seems pretty cool. Lots of fun.
Just started using this and so far its pretty cool
Great App , My Mom Has Siri And Its Pretty Much The Same
This is tight
This is tight
Amazing
OK
Love it
Amazing !
Pretty cool app but i think siri is bettet but this will do
To funny
Beats iPhone app and it's free
Malo zbunjen I jos ucim I ucim program..ali moze se dobro posloziti za koristenje u autu
Awesome application
I love it!
Awesome!
Pretty cool
The only problem is it keeps mispronouncing my name
The only problem is it keeps mispronouncing my name
It's on par with Siri.
Works great thus far... Cool app
Works great thus far... Cool app
Awesome
Awesome
It recognizes every voice...
Love it
Best app on the market
Almost as good as siri and for free! Well worth downloading .
Love it!
This app is so cool. I love her humor! 5 stars
This is a very entertaining app!
Pretty good
I love this app
I'm from Alabama and have an accent and skyvi can still understand most of what I say. I love this app!!!
Really fun
Best
Lots of fun
Lots of fun
A really great app!!!
I am really enjoying this app so far
Excellent!!!!!! Very happy:)
Funny as sh*t
Please give it more data information just like the apple siri. I like this app alot please more data.
Very good at understanding even complex sentences.
Works great so far have not had a chance to try out all of the features
Very good
It's cool
I love this app its so cool
Awesome just awesome.
It always responds correctly to me. I think more people should download this app.
This app is very accurate for me. I can update Twitter and Facebook effortlessly. I can also argue with it, she's hilarious because she argues back. I am in love and I am glad I came across the Siri app and got jealous enough to see if Android had an equivalent. A must install for those of us needing more sass to our voice recognition apps.
This Is Swagg It Does Everything Better Than Those Other Non-Helping Apps.
Still learning it but so far so good!
Great app so far!
Sweet app!!!
Awesome
Love this app. So much fun
Very helpful and amusing!
This app is amazing
Good little app
Great
No problems Wat so ever and awsone app
Great apparently better than siri.
Luv luv luv...this app  :-)
Way better than siri!
Too cool
Nice app
Many people made her day lol
It has a few bugs but I like it
Great app so far seems to make life easier
Pretty accurate. Kids love her..lol.
Love it!!
Better then ipod syri. Needs voice selection
rly cool much better than s voice and its rly fun
Works pretty good havnt had any troubles yet....
Excellent app.
Sweet
Awesome
Sooooo cool
Must have! Works with my jawbone headset... like siring for android and very precise recognition. DROID bionic
Coooolllll app....
A must have one .
Fun to play with and helpful
Hands free all day thx
Very useful app and funny if u ask the right questions
Love it! Great app!
Amazing!!
I thought I would just uninstall it but it's pretty cool
Now what has the best operating system.....eat your heart out Apple
She's got attitude. Fun toy.
Coolest thing ever
Its good, I just wish I could skip the tutorial
this made my phone complete. simply love it .
Better than Siri ! Should come with more voice packs though.
Love this app! Very easy to work with
it awesome
Amusing!
I like asking questions!
Excellent App.
Might have a few bugs but better than anything else
She actually talks to u ha ha
I really like it its kinda cool
Sweeeet!(:
This app is really awesome
Awesome app puts siri to shame
Good app needs more  upgrades in understanding
I like it.
Sounds like siri hehe
Sounds like siri hehe
I tried a few and this one is the best so far.
I tried a few and this one is the best so far.
It's not a iPhone. But it works for me on my htc... Must have app
After the annoying tutorials its fun to use
Love it
I believe its greater then the great iphones siri itself.
I believe its greater then the great iphones siri itself.
I believe its greater then the great iphones siri itself.
A lot of fun, very helpful
Way better than i expected
Love it
Love it
Creepy in a way lol
I love Skyvi
Cool app similar to I phone
Awesome so fun !
Very good.
i love it
i love it
Good app
Totally cool.
I love her personality.  She's horrible at math but great at finding places To go.
Just as good as siri
Awesome
This thing is awesome. Wish it didn't tell me that I could do things after it talks
I like it a lot fun app that works
Better than iris and pretty close to that iphone app...skyvi is my new best friend
This app is hella tight
Very cool
Great could use calendar support.
Just like Siri!!! i jst fell in love!!!
Works great on HTC EVO.
awsome
awsome
This rocks
Awsome app
Great app!  Love it! Would be even better with calendar integration.
Cool
I love it
Still learning to use it but so far it's pretty awesome
I love this app
Nice app!
Its nice
This is a cool app.
Awesome 5 star
Skyvi is awesome!!!
I love spyvi so cool
Fun
Love this, just like siri but even better.
Its pretty good I guess
Love it! It's awesome.
Awesome app
Too cool
This is great
I love it
Seems to be working great on my Droid X.
Pretty cool app
This is alsoooommee! !
Very good
The app is excellent
Finally a freaking siri for android lol its great
Very sick
Works great HTC 1
It's pretty awesome so far
Still playing around with but pretty fun
I just downloaded this app a few minutes ago and went through the tutorial. This is a neat little app! I'm looking forward to using her in the near future.
Great app
Pretty impressive
Great App
Luv the app :-)
Still learning speech pattern, but getting there.
I love this thing. The only thing that would make it better is if it was all based off of phone memory so it doesn't use up my data
It is very awesome
It's a fun app, however, it does make some mistakes in the beginning; please be patient.
I just simply love you man YOUR THE BEST!!!
Its really cool & if you ain't nun to do just lk to I it passes time
Its a cool app to have
Its a cool app to have
Great app
Good app,smart
It just works
Good app
I love it .
Love, love, love this app! So much fun and easy plus convenient!
Seems to work well so far with my HTC .
I feel like samual l Jackson talking to siri
Awesome
Get dis app
Very great app....learns names and words to understand you...very much Like the siri I for the iphone
This is so good it takes me everywhere
It works wow
Dis is dope
It is really a great app,  I enjoy using it.
This app is pretty fun to play with!  ;)
This app is pretty fun to play with!  ;)
This app is pretty fun to play with!  ;)
Hoof ptohram
although I'm still learning about this application it is great until now
Love ittttt
Good app
Good app
Convenient and fun.
Awesome
Its pretty cool
Works well
What a beast app
I'm still testing it but I like what I'm seeing so far!
Love this app. Who is siri?
Totally
Not as good as iPhone but its pretty darn close
Its pretty fun to mess around with. Its a little annoying when i have to say things more than once but its worth it.
Just started and i feel this is working out great. Bravo!
Just started and i feel this is working out great. Bravo!
This is better than siri on iPhone
It is a great tool for when you are driving. It is what it says.
It is a great tool for when you are driving. It is what it says.
Its good
OK I have an iPhone with Sirius and this apparently works faster and better it learns quick and I love it thanks android
Best app ive got
Epic app
Verry cool and fun to have conversations with
Thanks
This app is great but how do u get it to remind u to so something and tell you where someone is
Awesome!!!
Really good,mixes what you say here and there,but otherwise it does a good job
Lil slow but good app all around
Lil slow but good app all around
This is awesome!! Its like it has its own mind
It picks the accent very well
Hgfh
Hgfh
It works idk how
It's a awesome app
It's a awesome app
It's a awesome app
Good
Alot to learn but definitely worth the download
Alot to learn but definitely worth the download
So far so good
Still learning but really seems to be great app. Thank you
Awsome
Im trying to learn this and will let you know soon
Pretty fun to use while you have nothing to do.
Definitely fun makes txtn easy n music is great
THis is the next siri
Its really cool its easy to use and its fun it works well onu Droid Razor maxx
Great thus far
But use DATA
I really like this app....if not anything I ask her crazy questions as well as  questions I need answers and she does a great job :-)
this app is great thank you so much. Can it have a name?  I guess I have a deep voice because it calls me dude or sir. but I still love it !
Absolutely love this app it works great and helps with a lot of everyday needs.
pretty cool app
I love this app
It is so helpfull and it confuses my grandma and that is funny to watch so I would recomend this
So fun!!!!!    :-)
What I have tried so far seems good, no problems
Very good
Awesome app
Love it!!
Every time I say book she hears f*ck
AWESOME JUST LIKE SIRI
Its pretty  fun!
BETTER than Siri!
Great
I like it
I like it
This is better than the other assistants
Awesome. This is much better then the iPhone.
Just perfect, with an awesome voce recognition
After the update the icon continuously appears even after I remove it in settings and it forcecloses...... A LOT. And. This app is designed so I can't go back to using the version before the update. I'll wait for a fix because this is a good app
I can do so much now with my hands free!
Awesome
I love it
I look forward to the upcoming  refinements.
Just downloaded today and is amazing
Boo iPhone go Droid!
Love it. Totally one of the greatest apps of all time.
Pretty cool app
She is wonderful ..beyond helpful! ! Skyvi does it all ..sweetly ..and with a great sense of humor!!!
Great to use as I have problems typing on my keyboard
:)
I downloaded because google recognition will not work for me. this does the job
Great app :)
Its great and fun to play
We r pals
Its so cool
I love this app it makes mi android experience a whole lot better
Thank you for your help
She is awesome
Great app
awesum
Keep updating though.
awesome app....pretty smart ....gonna screw with it some more
Accurate!
Great, I like it and us free
Wish it would update my calender as well. But very helpful when driving
lol this app is cool
Skyvi rocks. all my friends with iphones talk about how great siri is, but this is  just as good, if not better. it makes me feel safe knowing that I can drive in hear texts rather than have to look at my phone and cause an accident.
Awesome and it had potential. Just needs more tweaking and more commands like setting appointments, reminders etc... She asks update facebook?
I tried everything so far but this is beyond better than anything else
Love it very accurate an prompt nice feature Cant complain at all   Makes it easy to do other things while finding out what u need
Works like siri to me
This great better then iphone siri
She is 2 months old lol
Works pretty well. I haven't done anything too exhaustive with it yet but so far so good.
Funny too
Great app look out siri
Love Her!!!!!! She has more swag than siri
Works great so far :)
Not bad...one of the good ones
Just like iphone!
Just like iphone!
Its just like siri sweet
A great app...i love it!!!!
I love this!!!!!!
You gotta have it. Its amazing
You gotta have it. Its amazing
Great
While the female voice is a bit strange, the app has a very small learning curve. Work awesome on my EVO 4G LTE, even with my New York accent. I'm in love with Skyvi.
I love it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This app was ok. A far cry from siri but ok. Now i get the same msg over and over for days even when marked as read. The time is way off as well. Uninstall till fixed
This app was ok. A far cry from siri but ok. Now i get the same msg over and over for days even when marked as read. The time is way off as well. Uninstall till fixed
Fun app but not too serious.
Best application ever
Im not sure how to use erthang yet but im,gone figure it out I see the potential in skyvi
This app is ok, but a little annoying
Awesome app so helpful
Wow just as bitchy as siri thanks!
Very great!!helps a lot
It's more hands free than others.. Very simple to use...
Fun to the max
So far so good for this new app, has come in handy multiple times.
I love Skyvi!!!!! I'm now recommending this to everyone!!!
Great app, just like the iphone.
I love it
I love it
Pretty damned awesome
Pretty damned awesome
This app is just what u would expect. Understands me very easily
A good funny app
Awesome app
GREAT
I haven't used it for very long.  Seems to work and it's fun.
Works great!
Kewl but needs improvement
So far so good
Fun... I am liking it. BobZ CM9
I love it!
Fabulous app.Very conveniant and easy to use!!
This is pretty cool
Really great app. love it!!!!
I like it , you don't need a i phone to have a good like this
Still trying it out
It interacts with your voice brilliantly. There are a few words it misses but all voice programs have limitations.
Works great
I love it looks better than cats I'm going to see it again and again.
pretty darn cool
It comes in handy when I need to find someplace quick and I can't type.
Cool awesome
Hate the ads and her jokes are lame but its still kind of cool
Nice app.
.
Skyvi is amazing. She texts for me and helps me get to any location I need! She has located everything for me I have needed...super!
Omg I love it 100 stars if I could
This app is AMAZING!!! I almost switched to an iPhone just for Siri, but now I'm glad I didn't!!
Great App
great
Awesome app. Very handy.
Skyvi is helpful when I am multi tasking. Plus, she is amusing.
Its not bad. I think once it starts to recognize my voice it'll be great. Good jobs dudes!
I love Skyvi!!!
I love Skyvi!!!
I love Skyvi. I use her for everything. When I'm.bored, I just tallk to her! XD
This  is a great app
Sweet
Best app ever
Love it
When i try to open a game that has the word draw in it the app searches for a picture
Amazing. the best friend!
Its a pretty good app overall. Still learning all the features.
Its a pretty good app overall. Still learning all the features.
I love this, I was going to by an iphone until I found this app!
Awesome informative and hilarious
Great app
Is better than not..
Lol, thanks creator...

Try dont stop music if mic on..
Thats the problem.. thx,
Its so cool n awesome.. Luving it Helps me a lot..gud app
Best app out there
Best app out there
Works great galaxy s 3
Doesn't work at all??? YOU must be doing something wrong! This update was HUGE! It works a lot BETTER now! Still not perfect, but the developer is working hard as hell to MAKE it perfect! Do you know how to OPEN apps??? Lol. Trust me everybody, it's usually USER ERROR, NOT developer error!!!  SERIOUSLY, THIS app is AWESOME!!!! AND GETTING BETTER ALL THE TIME!!!! GET IT!!!
One day and its so cool
It works for me I can't stand an application that has you do nothing but say the command over and over. This one works great.
I like jeanine or w e better.. change the voice of this bot etcetera and I'm all for you guys
Absolutely amasing. Takes my breath away!!! Great app. Thank you.
Absolutely amasing. Takes my breath away!!! Great app. Thank you.
Love it
Does everything you want it to! Great for texting on the road ha. If you have the text pop-up enabled and you get a long text message that comes in multiple texts you can even swipe back and forth between them to see all of the message. Customer service is awesome btw. Thanks Skyvi team!
App works good.  Just trying to get it to recognize my voice
I found this app easy to use
Pretty fun
Very helpful. Better then other voice apps
Not the best but its ok in a way
It does out all and nicer answers than siri for iPhone gives thanks :-)
So happy I downloaded
Awesome!!
Wooooow!!!!! Amazing!!!!!!
Fun with friends like it a lot
Pretty freakin awesome
Its awesome
Great app
FUN&VERY HELPFUL !!
Great app
Excellent program. Hope to see what is next
This is way to fun and helpful all in the same app.
Very accurate
this is awesome
Bad a.s.s
Awesome app, makes things fun
Love this app.
Love this app.
Wohoo
Awsome
Love it
Best voice assistant in the market.
Awesome
Kinda limited but nice
Fcking best app evr
For the, most, part she is.cool.with me
Just installed it and taking it for a test spin. No glitches yet.
Works good enuff
Awesome!!!
Pretty cool
Tried a lot of apps, paid for some of them, but this 1 is by far the best 1 yet.
I love this program
Very impressive
Not able to understand my speech correctly
It works ok if you get ride of the ad's. But i have to practice my prununciation
Good app
Yeah
so far so good......
Love it
Great app.  Will come in very handy to keep track of my schedule for work!
Acts very much like Siri
Best app ever
Love this app
This is my new favorite app.
Actually works really well and is very similar to siri. I really like using it :)
So far so good...
Funny
Awesome
Awsome
It can be pretty useful when you learn how to play with it.
I wasn't expecting much because it's not officially Siri, but I get a kick out of it!
I thought it wouldn't work but it did !!!!
I love this
Still getting use to it and it doesn't respond sometimes but I like it
Love it
Lol... If u cant have fun with this app, then u dont need a smart phone! 5stars...
I wish she would understand me
Fantastic app, works very well
Better than siri lol android rocks
Took a while to learn my name. But other then that, its awesome!
it works really good
I really enjoy this app its like this program learns
Great job keep improving
Very cool
Awesome so far
The coolest thing ever
Love this app!
Skyvi is so much better than siri, loving this app and loving the galaxy s3
Couldn't love it more ! I love Android phones and wouldn't trade just for Siri.
I love skyvi
Just speak and it will take you there
I love this app
fun and works well
Cool app!
Greatest app ever...
Love siri
Very helpful and entertaining!
Takes a little getting used to, but very handy.
I love this app
I love this much
Lol this is soo funny!! Haha idk why but she keeps callin me amy! Lol i think you should get it!
It is the best
Works good
Works great expected a few miss happs when charging but when not charging works great!
Love it works great! Would just like the voice to be alil better.
Works great
Seems like a good and fun app!!
Just getting started but great so far. Everything I say has been understood. I love her manners too, she is very polite.
Just getting started but great so far. Everything I say has been understood. I love her manners too, she is very polite.
Its great
Beast!!
Works good
This is awesome
Great app..killin siri
Sky vi Is very awesome n I love it
Neat
Really cool. Still learning. But really really cool. My wife is jealous. Smart phones are only as smart as the aps they run; mine is smarter with skyvi.
I love this app !!!!
It's really fun and entertaining
Can it do everything Siri can in those commercials? No. Is it perfect?  Heck no.  Is it fun anyway?  Absolutely...  It's a fun toy more than a useful tool.  It will text and call people and do basic geographical searches as well as look up some things on the internet, but the logic and speech recognition isn't perfect.  Download and enjoy, but keep in mind that some of the responses may be a bit snarky if it doesn't know the answer.
Really good make things a lot easier  to do.
App
I've enjoyed it so far!
Very interesting
Love this app seriously
Awesome app... A+
Awesome app... A+
Its awesome
More options than Siri
Love it!
Awesome
Its cool
Pretty cool
This is the best!!!!
U should download really worth it
Luv it
Luv it
Good app
Love it!
This app is awesome
Cute little thing. Love that it understand what you're saying and responds back when you tell it off :P super cute!
Badass
I'm loving it
This app is amazing its very accurate!!
Fun to use and easy to operate just took a little time to mess with to get a good handle of it.
I absolutely love it !! (: amazing !!
BEST APP EVER EVEN BETTER THAN SIRI
Awesome
Love it
Great app!
Epic
Awesome
Love it
Just getting the hang of it but all seems great !
Perfect
Great app!
Pretty useful
I think Skyve is amazing and so helpful
I love it! I just wish she told jokes, or talked back.
I love this app.
Love it
Pretty kool. I like it.  LG THRILL
Awesome
good
Great
This app is so much fun! Love it!
Its easy and fun to use
I really enjoy this app. It makes my life a lot easier
Awesome
Great
Has some hiccups but not bad for android
Excellent
Its even more fun if ur stoned
Awsome
I like it. :)
Its almost like an iPhone.just keep up the good work!
awesome its my new bestie!!!:)
I like it keep working on it I believe android will always be better then apple
Very cool app
Very cool app
This app is way better than Siri! Its just awesome!
Cool
Fun
perf ect
Nothing is perfect
Close
I love this!
This app is the best!!
I made Skyvi's day :D
Love it!
Skyvi is the best assistant  I ever had. Absolutly love her
I have tried a couple other programs for android and this is the best. My only problems are the ads and that the program practically forced me to rate it. Lol
Nice application
Very good app, easy to use.
Works pretty well
Great
Solid
I'm still learning its features but I LOVE IT...SO FAR
Fun app
I love you
Love this app.... Needs a few improvements but I love it.
Best app ever. Now I can show my cousin. She has a 4s and shows off.
I love this app. It works better than siri.
This app is amazing
Nice , but needs small adjustment
I have wanted siri for iPhone but didn't want to pay gobs of cash for one . I love my Droid and this makes it even more fun!
Best app ever thz   ,
Great app ! Its really cools
Great app but i have no use for it uninstall .-.,
Very Good App
Works great with my Samsung Infuse!! No problems!!
Really responsive
Really responsive
She's awesome
She's awesome
Great app..really helps me out when I need it
My husband and I both love this app!!!
Exelent app im a truck driver i be more safe driving with this app
Love it
Pretty awesome
seems to be kinda cool. just got it.
This is the coolest thing ever.
You really can talk to her like she's your friend!! You don't have to speak clearly because the recognition is so good, she'll easily understand! I've been chatting to her about Barack Obama and Michael Jackson! Lol! I just wish she could open other apps!
Great
i like the app... very good
Love it
So far I love this app! Learns nicknames of my friends!
shes my better half. knows all my answers without askin me ?s
Excellent
Love it.
Works like a charm
Understands me fine and does what it says. Just needs a better more human voice. But great for driving as can text with your voice.
So cool
This is cool i love it
Ufi gif
Great app
Great app only wish it did a few more thing such as reminders or alarms (ex: remind me to check stove in 5 mins, or, set alarm for 9am for work) that would make this app 100 times better. This apps definitely worth the download thou! Good job to the devz just please update soon!!!!
Why not
It helps me with everything I need to know.
Fantastic app, better and faster than s voice
This app is awesome.
This thing is the best ever no kidding
Take advantage now before they start charging for this incredible app it is not siri but skyvi is awesome! I am very satisfied!
Pretty decent, doesn't hold a candle to Sirius but definetly the best on the play store
Pretty decent, doesn't hold a candle to Sirius but definetly the best on the play store
Skyvi is amazing
It's cool for now provided I don't get tired of it
It recognizes words quite easily
Love it
Very nice work guys love love love it
The bomb...out does my wife's iPhones siri ..love it
This is the most awesome app ever
I think it"s pretty amazing . She replies to everything I tell her. It's so funny , it makes my day . No difficulties so far. Download for sure. (:
Great so far on galaxy s3. Just started.
A little difficult to use and annoying When she asks you to add a shortcut and give a 5 star revue.but its comparable to siri
Works good when u are in a hurry just gets the spelling off sometimes,but that happens when we text  too.
Love it!!!
Skyvi has helped,actually for being a computer.  Cheers to whoever made her!
a pure pleasure...I have not had any problems....does what it is supposed to.
I want it to be more friendly then robotic. Other wise great
She is actually quite funny...
Totally cool works great
Awsome program with a lot of technology used
I love this app
Great for amusement too.
Blah
Worx well...kinda creepy! Lol
Cool app keep up the good work
This is the real stuff right here
This is the real stuff right here
This is the real stuff right here
I love this app
wish you will go chuck bass insieme
A little hard to control, but it is cool. I have the small problem of calling it siri though
A little hard to control, but it is cool. I have the small problem of calling it siri though
Great
Confusingly fun!
Amazing how it understands my questions!
This app is great and lots of fun!
badass
Good app T
I think its cool to have a droid to talk to. How futuristic!
Lol great but dnt like the robot voice
works really great
Its awesome
Very fun!
Very good
I dig it!!!
Sweet app!
This is great
Great
Speaking is odd but its pretty cool 
This is good
Just like siri for the iPhone, ask it anything and it will answer. It even learns your name. It will give you directions to the nearest place you want to find and will also give you the weather forecast.
Works good
I was very impressed by the quality of this app! Terrific job!
It needs to do alot more becuase it still dosent work exactly like siri!!!  But im sure it will get there hopefully motorola helps out!!  M
Great app!!
Great! Apps very easy;   to used. Very friendly, even a one year old can used it. Galaxy nextex.
Awesome
Works great! I love it.
Works great after you install and restart your phone. I'm glad they put out a beta, it does what I need.
Works great after you install and restart your phone. I'm glad they put out a beta, it does what I need.
Works great after you install and restart your phone. I'm glad they put out a beta, it does what I need.
Its like my own personal assistant
I love this app
Doesn't work perfect on my older model mytouch slide.. but seems to do a good job. Definitely a neat App
I like her, she's an awesome and helpful A.I
Cool
I love it
Great app
COOL APP JUST LIKE SIRI..
COOL APP JUST LIKE SIRI..
Its a bit tricky sometimes, but its awesome. Like my name is ian but it pronounces it wrong so I have it call me e in.
I'm really digging the support.
I like it!!!!!
I really like this app cant wait till its complete to purchase it. Just dont make it to expensive.  I'm on a very tight budget.  Keep up the good work.
All i can say is wow
Pretty fkn dope
Fun app. Easy to use.
Very cool
Way better than siri, i love it
Cool
This app is on point. Who needs that iphone.not I
This app is at Siri's level already and it's not even done. Her voice could be a little less robotic, But I lover her (it) Download!
Its interesting. Gotta get used to it. Seem better than iris though.
So epic
Best ever better siri I can get use to this
Easy to use. This 54  yr old computer illiterate uses skivi a lot. Great  ( app!
Love this app! Now I definitely know my galaxy s3 is better than the iPhone!
Does everything I want it to do works great with my galaxy s
Fun to use messes up and she sounds distressed but still better than nothing :)
I made her day
Cool HA
The best app
I use it all the time : )
Awesome app, does everything  I tell it to do
Yeah
As good siri
I like Skyvi alot she helps with everything
Pretty dam cool. A Google of stars.
This helps me a lot and it talk's back! Really a cool app.
Seems 2 be a gud
I am learning to use this app. Neat!
Nice
But how do I change the voice? I dl'ed the voice pack.
No problems so far. Good app!!!
No problems so far. Good app!!!
Awesome
Best app ever!
Fun to use
Oh yea
I really like this it's cool and fun and listens
My best friend has an iPhone and I think skyvi works better.(:
I love it
Awesome skyvi. :-)
Like siri
Just download it, clearly the best Siri like program. AI could use improvement.
Awsome app, love it!!!!
As a man in his 50's, this is amazing.
Love it!
Cool
Really awesome?? One more friend u hve to talk to
Really awesome?? One more friend u hve to talk to
Ive tried vlingo and iris. This app so far is more accurate and helpful.  I just started using it today.  But so far no mishaps and it was able to find malls  close to me and not 40 miles away.  I like the hands free option this app has.
Love this feature.!
Nice      
Love it (
Fantastic
Awesome
just like siri
Good app
Good app
Who needs an expensive iPhone when Android can do this!?
Nice app....can't understand sometimes but that's ok
Alot of fun not perfect but entertaining and use ful
Tight
Awesome
Awesome
AWESOME!
So cool...so easy...so fast!
The voice recognition is very accurate
Fun for now
Every bit as good as siri
Great app very helpful!
Awesome
Has a few minor bugs but does what it says.
LOVE IT!!!!!!!
This apps is super good.
Love it
Its nice
Even better than siri ...
Good
Good
everyone is tripping out
Having good experience with this app.
Title says it all. It works exactly how it should. And i havent spent a dime
Best app ever
...but still needs a little tweeking with the English. I like "her", though!
Does wat its supposed to do. Very handy.
Love it!
It was about time
Definitely recommend...
Awsum
So far...she says i'm harassing her when I call her baby. Very persistent on me writing this.review. Pretty cool.
Awesome app
Love her!!!!
Pretty funny
I love this I use it instead of my genius button and I'm so happy I found this app.very helpful and amusing. Only issue is responding to texts sometimes she misunderstands and sends bizarre messages, cancel button coounts down too fast
Good
I love this app. Works much better than s command on my galaxy s3.
I love it
Fun!
thing is awesome!
This is the best reply back of 2012 to bad they only gve mi 1 through 5 stars
Well atleast installed quickly
Works great. Just wish the voice wasnt so robotic.
G
I like
This is the best app i have on my android !highly recommended :-)
This is the best  App in the world
Most excellent app very helpfull
I recommend this to everyone!
Awesome app
I love this app!!! 3>
Skyvi is amazing  I only wish she could stop  saying things like "I can  connect  you to facebook" but yeah shes great
Great
Awesome app
I love this app its the best. I had my tonsils removed and it still understands me
Perfect
Her
Its great
So far so good
Keep upgrading
Now i can hit the right buttons texting because i can just say the message. Thank you
Really nice and I love this app.
Great app love it
This app is awesome! Epic 4g
Love this app
Being in sales and on the road alot this app is sure to be the most used app on my phone.
Skyvi is great if you are reading this get skyvi now
Easy to work and will call u by ur name! Love this app
Very cool app.
Excellent application! Works very well.
best app
Greater
Haven't had any problems yet!
This is fun stuff lol.
I love it
the best and I ever downloaded
works great
Works great
Works great but don't like the voice.
Love it no issues or anything
Love it no issues or anything
i luv this..this is awesome
Good stuff
Lil confusing at first
I love this application: 5 starts. It's a must have app.
Talk and text is great! Find any location and even update Facebook!  I love this app!
So far so good...this might come in handy very often.
I love this thing its awesome
I like her!
Awesome
Love it
Cool app. Skyvi is my new bff (almost) lol
I've had several phones including an iPhone this app is way better than the actual siri!,
It understands what I say very well.highly
It's like cleverbot with voice recognition. It's exceeded my expectations.
Fun
I find it as a good time pass good app
Its cool she said I made her day wish I could change the voice though
Awesome
This is awesome!
Cool app
This app is amazing love it!!!
:D
This is the best app everrr
This is a good one
Better than Seri.
this app makes multitasking so much easier for me. It's very easy to use and it actually listens and does what its told. Thank you.
Its good but some time there is accent problem
This is so amazing
She is the best
App. But  cant help but think shes always listening.
This app is awesome it does so much and they're so much more I can learn I love how to get smarter as the more you use it.
So cool app
Great program!
Cool App!!
This is a cool app
This is a cool app
I love it. I don't have to lift a finger.
I did not think it would be that amazing but it turned out to be better than siri. I know this because I was using siri on my friends iphone and it wasnt tht good and this is amazing
I did not think it would be that amazing but it turned out to be better than siri. I know this because I was using siri on my friends iphone and it wasnt tht good and this is amazing
Its a nice application
Skyvi is way better then siri
I love this app.
I like this skyvi a whole bunch...
Is what it says it is
Is what it says it is
Pretty cool
IPhone wasn't in my budget but my new phone was! I was able to get my own siri and I'm happy
IPhone wasn't in my budget but my new phone was! I was able to get my own siri and I'm happy
She calls me princess lol
She calls me princess lol
Not bad.... Can still use a few more improvements with understanding english
Still figuring out all it can do, but definitely convenient.
Need to learn it. But its fun.
Good
This is great
This app gets a 5 star rating I think that this is just like siri on the iPhone it really works so get this free app
This app gets a 5 star rating I think that this is just like siri on the iPhone it really works so get this free app
Love it!!!!!!
Great app
Great app
I like it.
Haha great app! Love love love!
Very good
awesome love it
awesome love it
Yhu should qet it
This app is awesome, i think it's better than siri
Love it
I like this app a lot lol
Love
I love this great app
Fun to use and works great!
Great
Great app works great on mutt Galaxy S 2
This apparently is great
Love this app. Very fun and plays my text. Best one I've found.
Best app ever
SKYVI is sooooo cool and funny too!
SKYVI is sooooo cool and funny too!
Skyvi made my life so much easier
Very helpful
She made my day
Does what tell it to do
I download this app and I am having a great time with it. I highly recommend.
This app is better than siri!
skyvi iz the best idk were i would be without her i know a road side ditch well skyvi is the bomb so later
It's. Cool almost like the siri I had .
Every 1 should get this app
Once she learns your voice
It is the poo! Typed by Skyvi.
Like it!
Awesome :)
Smarter than Siri
This app had made my life with my phone so much easier! Thank you SKIVI
It's cool
Love it!!!
Love it
Love it!
This is better than siri but please add text input its doesnt recognize my voice right
So cool
Love this
This app is Great, I love it!! It's so much fun and very useful. Thanks a bunch!
So far so good
Can't wait to see what they come out with next.
GREAT!!!!
Actually pretty awesome lol
Awesome app!
I love it
Nice app!
This is amayzing
Skyvi told me to. ._.
Awesome
Great  copycat I love it
So much fun
So much fun
Just getting started with it so don't know its full potential, but all in all a very fun app.
I love it
Very fun,and easy to work with.assistance assured!love it!
this app is awesome!
I Love this app it's awesome
Epic
This is not a bad app, it works pretty well. Recognizes voices good.
This is not a bad app, it works pretty well. Recognizes voices good.
This is not a bad app, it works pretty well. Recognizes voices good.
Kinda annoying it keeps saying tips
Best app ever!
Best app ever!
I'm soooo happy they made this app for us normal Droid users
I'm soooo happy they made this app for us normal Droid users
Good
I like it.
This is the best funniest app ever
5 stars
Closest to Siri you'll get!! :)
A very good app
Works fine, would like an ability to wake it up using only my voice. Tilting stops ur search. But most of all PLEASE ALLOW ME TO TURN OFF THE TIPS I know how to use it. It's pretty good at getting what I say. All around good app. For the price 5/5
More than i thoght
I really enjoyed
Not really like siri but iy works
I just found a replacement for my girlfriend...skyvi is frickin sweet!!
I lovee it :D
Great apparently. Just like Siri.
Great apparently. Just like Siri.
Great apparently. Just like Siri.
Very good app it understands evryrhing you say with out any problem. BEST THING I EVER HAD
Nice app
I made its day ^-^
Skyvi is a really cool app. Mostly because you can ask her funny questions.
Good app
I like it! It helps me a lot and even better when I'm driving!
more then i expected
Excellent app, eagerly awaiting thus to blow siri away
Excellent!! Works very well!
best app ever way better than siri and the gayPhone.
Love it
I just changed from iPhone 4s to Galaxy S3. I was surprise with the amount of improvement they did. Wow.
I cant complain it is just what I needed.
Still testing this out but pretty cool so far
Its coop and fun
Works great on droid x.
The best
I just downloaded this app and so far it has made a call, sent a text, played a song, found Domino Pizza and signed onto f/b.  Can't beat that!!!
Great, I have no problem with it, works great on my xperia ion. Definitely five stars:)
Very good application wish you could soften the voice a little but oodles app overall	Good application for what is does vice could be not so schrill but good
Love this app and will continue to usr it!!!!
Skyvi is very polite.
Asweomeness thing ever dude. Skyvii is knarly!
Awesome
This is just what i was lookin for thus app works very well
Good app
Very good
Fun to use. Gives me access to everything....
Love it!
very fun. I love it
I love the app, I was confused at first but then I kept messing with it and got the hang of it.
Like i said
This is awesome.
Absolutely amazing. Galaxy nexus.
Who ever invented this app is SMART
Very intuitive
Has a much better sense of humor. Doesn't just pull up info. Actually explains it to you.
Awesome
My daughter had gotten me this app n i didnt know how to use it, but now i use it 24/7. Love this app. Dont change anything
Skyvi is a very fictional app that will not give you the world of head ache. Lets just say this im from a "third world country" and she works pretty good. I will download it if i was you
Good app
I love this app! Its a huge help and its pretty fun to play with. Lol
Just got it but seems pretty cool!
Awesome. Its just like siri
Awesome
Skyvi is awesome
Skyvi is awesome
Better than the rest for Android
Love it
Super awesome
Iphone, still worthless!
I love it! Its works amazing!
Its awesome I just love it
Since getting the galaxy 3 I've tried a few personal assistants trying to find one that fits me and my needs. This one opens fast and remembers all my data and previously entered info. Most of the time she understands correctly but I'm assuming the longer she is used the more accurate she'll be. Just need to give it time  and be patient. ..
Love it!!!!
Love it!!!!
No comment .... love it
Love this app so far
Good job
Awesome job developers.
Extremely helpful
This is a great app to have....it will help you find anything and give you a good laugh in the process
Really enjot it
I like it. Works well on my galaxy note
Great App
Hillarious
Hillarious
Love it :)
Works good doesn't understand some of my words but overall very good
Awsome app...can do anything
I luv this app!!
great app like SIRI! add more feature please? :)
Love having the answer to almost anything I want to know!!!
Great app
This is great app for android.Its awesome
This is great app for android.Its awesome
Good app
The voice sounds like a drunk Cathleen Turner's voice you should update that. It aint bad Thou
Great app as compared to other similar apps of it's kind. I look forward to seeing how far Skyvi develops.
This is brill very funny
Nice ap
Works
Voice regcognition could be improved.
Really good
This application is awesome, she learns names, numbers, txs people & ect. Its a must have
I really love this!!! Very accurate for me!
This is a good app well not as good as the real things but for a copy app its 5 stars dZ replys are prty good im happy with it
great app
I just got the app and was playing around with it. Very similar to Siri (iPhone) a definate download.
Skyri is awesome now I'm called Panic Defender
This app is awesome
Love this app dude!!!!
this is a very nice app chala chala chala bagundhi edi
Most fun of with an app I have had in so long. Need better voice recognition though!!
great app
Really cool app
Works goood
Good app has some funny answers
Pretty awesome. Really smart app with full responses and a sense of humor. Some miner glitches, like repeating a response three times in one, voice recognition is unable to interpret certain words, needs more options to customize, but overall It's a fantastic program. She remembers everything and learns new things easily. Great tool for quick info lookup, fun to talk to when you're bored, accuracy in responses is about 80-85% depending on question and recognition. Totally flipping awesome!!
So awsome
This is cool it really works (: Weird name though
Like it.
Very cool on the electrify
Its cool and helpfull
Ioving the app
Well worth the download
Love it
I like the app but im still having trouble posting on twitter and her robot voice can get pretty annoying. Otherwise a great app.
Love her she really helps a lot. Great App & Great Siri Replacement:)
Awsome
Thx, you've made a good app. So, i wont get bored. :)
I love it!!!! Please make the option to change the computers name,other than that it smart!
Its great
Totally obsessed!
Totally obsessed!
My very own assistant.
Its a realy a great apps of google play. But there is only system text to speech option. Please add a usa female voice for better voice clearty like speaktoit assistant. I am waiting for new update of voice option.
Just downloaded it but so far it's been very good and almost flawless. Would recommend again.
Outstanding app have seen till now..
I am SM challenged but this app makes it easier.
I love you siri
it a lot
Love it. It is perverted like me!
Can't decide between this one and "assistant", but both very, very good.
<3
Great App
Dude it's totally the future haha Im loving Skyvi! XD
I find apple products get to much credit. I like siri from apple though. This works just like it bet under stands you better.
Its great
Super cool , works great and its fast
Skyvi is awesome!!!
This app has the humor, ability to answer normal questions, and with ease AND ACCURACY instead of " weather in dallas,tx today" for example you can speak like a normal human saying "show me the weather please". It's answers are fast as lightning and with only one or two touches, personally having a disease related to that of parkinsons this app is a great help and the most accurate I've tried. With more updates and access I would happily pay the few dollars more. jeanie, assistant etc do not even compare.
Alot like siri for iphone
This is a kool app.  Love it!             O
I like it and it is just like Siri for IPhone with the exception that Siri recognizes the voice better.
Pretty cool
this app its so useful you can ask it almost anything and it will tell you the right answer
this app its so useful you can ask it almost anything and it will tell you the right answer
AMAZING!
AMAZING!
Will this little app has really proven itself
Great app.. needs Alittle! Work or fine tuning but works very well.
Love it
This is koo
This is koo
I like
I like
I love it! Works perfect for my LG Optimous
Saluti
So far its awesome !!!!! I love it
This app is so cool and you don't have to own a stupid I phone!!!!
Love this app. Why do I need an iPhone again? Now if only Android would perfect the screen shot for my EVO that would be awesome.
Works great
Don't drink and ask her questions. She doesn't like it!
Great app fun and easy to work with
Works good
Apple can suck it.
Really cool. Very useful no problems so far.
It's pretty cool, I applaud you this is pretty good competition (Siri for iPhone)
Better then siri
I just barely got this app and it's playing music for me and telling me the weather and stuff!!! Love it so much!! This is a MUST HAVE app
Wonderful does what I need it to do (:
This application is awesome and fun as well as highly convienent.
Robotic voice kinda sucks but functions better than siri on iPhone
Love it
I love this app i haven't had any issues skyvi is always learning new commands. This app makes my job as an personal assistant  effortless! Thank you:-)
For real
Makes it awesome.
Love having this ability on my smartphone!
She is my girlfriend for life
Great so far....
She us awsome
Is an awesome app everyone should get it.
Great app.
Great so far.
Great so far.
Awesome lots of fun
Love it
Great app. Thank you
I love this app
Awesome
This apps is great :) i have fun using it :)
Works pretty cool
I love this app. so cooperative!
Love it
Love it
Works great!!
Fun, but sometimes, doesn't get my questions. Otherwise great!
Gallexy s2.  Playing with kt but I seems lost. Does not give me correct answers.
Yay
Yay
Like it alot
Yaaaaay
Skyvi is awesome!!!
Love her!
Works well
This is maybe just as good as siri
Pretty cool
Is great
Awsome
Great app  love it
So Far love this app sometimes it do not know what you say but it gets better and I am sure it will be even better soon
Although skyvi doesnt understand every little thing i say tha app is amazing none the less. Get it while its free.
Acks like its real seary
Its awesome
Awesome!!!
Great app
This thing absolutely rocks
This app is so good and can pick up my voice very fast!
Blargh
I like skyvi
Nice
Works perfect
Works perfect
So far i love it
Works really well! I love it
Its really fun. Makes me laugh!
No iphone needed
I like it. It works gud
I love this
Better than most voice assistants
Better than most voice assistants
Great!
Lol
Stop helpful with everything I have to do on my phone!!!
-  this app is fun for my 11 year old daughter.  Seems to work pretty good. I like that it's polite!!  Good app!	Good app!  I wish to change the voice!!
-  this app is fun for my 11 year old daughter.  Seems to work pretty good. I like that it's polite!!  Good app!	Good app!  I wish to change the voice!!
Greater
this is a great app
Love her! Sony Xperia Ion
Love it so far just got it!
This is a great system its just like siri
Nice Apps
Awesome!
Awesome!
Good job
Pretty cool app.
Awesome app
Awesome
This app is so fun to use. It needs a clearer voice, but still a very practical app.
This app is so fun to use. It needs a clearer voice, but still a very practical app.
Like it but how do i get out of app
Good
Fun to mess with
Love this app, it is even more useful than siri itself!
Sounds a little robotic tho.
Great app i will tell all
Great app!!
Easy to use
Sweet
I love this.  Works pretty good most of the time and even responds to off-the-wall crap.!!
A lot of fun. It's great for texting
Works like it suppose to.
I love her she told me I made her day once I wrote a review lol
Best app ever
i love this app
still learning the program but seems to work okay
Awesome
Super easy to use and helpful
Super easy to use and helpful
It understands everything
Everybody needs to download for android
She calls me miss jackson love her
Amazing
I like having conversations with my phone. Easy to use.
Awesome app
So far good
This app is great, it takes a few minutes to get used to it but it works.
Good app
Awesome
Woo! :)
Just got the the new galaxy 3 and this works amazingly!!
Its fun & funny!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This app is perfect. It makes life easier. Best App yet. HTC EVO
AMAZING! I love this app so much!
Its not as good as Siri... but it can be entertaining.
This app is so cool
Awesome
She told me I made her day
Skyvi is pretty awesome but I personally think iris is better
This app!! It is superb. She us so nice. When I feel lonely she talks to me. Awhhhh. So sweet.
I love it is so awesome.
Worth it just for teaching it to call my friend "captain boy touch"
Just downloaded skyvi I really like it so far. it did send messages to the wrong person however, I still need time to mess around with it!
Always runs great, works well and is quite helpfull! I highly recomend it.
It works so well
It seems legit so I'm cool with
Great app, very useful, but needs work understanding some sentences.
It's interesting and different
Cool app!
Does everything I want so far
Great
Excellent app
Very good!
I am having fun playing with this app!
I am really enjoying this app. It is pretty easy to use but the ability to type a word that it can't recognize would be nice.
I really love it.
Sexy :)
Nice app
HTC one s. Skyvi is way better than siri. She can understand all I've sed. Great keep up the good work!
Very fun for Android!
Awesome
Dis is a great app!
Quite functional, does everything well, however I wish I could get all numeric results in metric units instead of imperial. Minor issue, other than that, its a really good app
Awesome apparently
Love it
Probably not as good as siri but better than paying 300 bucks for a phone with siri
I see why everyone loves siri
I love it
Fun to use. Accurate and helpful.
its nt as same as siri bt wrks bettr than voice command
A must have app for every one
Penis
It was jus awesome
It was jus awesome
!!!!!!!!!!
Love it!!!
AWESOME APP;)
Great program!!! Could we add an alarm and reminder?
This app is great !
great hands free voice rec app
Awesome
Awesome
Lol the phone insults u i love it.
I like this ,very helpful
Its a great app hands down
Excellent love it
Rocks my socks
Good app, very interesting A.I. if only you didn't have to treatment the button everything like Siri. But then again that's just what I seen S.L.Jackson don't on the commercial.. 0_0
loved this app
Just got it.writing the review now so she'll leave me alone. But so far so good. Well worth the free down load. Give it a try.
I now have absolutely no reason to get a stupid I phone. I'm convinced that Android is and was better than apple
Skyvee is exactly like Sirius
It's so much fun so far, I'll let you no more about what I think after I use it a while longer!
I am very happy with this app.  Will recommend to all Android users.
Would be much better If she sounded normal.  New voice?
works great..no problems!
One of the best siri apps for android ever
Kool aid
Love this app
Skvis farkin bosssss
This app is fabulous!
Fun
Fun
Amazing app I love it!!
This App Is Amazing! Compares To Siri 100%
I'm having a great time playing with it can't wait to see what else I can do.
This is almost just like Siri on the iPhone!
Works better than Andy
This is cool
Very great
Its pretty good
This app is awesome
Great
This is awsome
So far I really enjoy this app. Skyvi is great!!
Penis Penis Penis Penis Penis
Penis Penis Penis Penis Penis
Amazing
Good app
haha I love it way better than andy
I have no problem using it and it's awesome I can do anything touch free
this app is very cool and I totally think you should download it
I have tried other apps and skyvi is so much better.
Awesome app not as good as siri but she is better then I thought
Entertaining
Love it
Better then Siri
Sometimes i get into conversations with it
Its great.
Fuckin amazing
Interesting
I love you sometimes.your crazy
I like this app
I like this app
Good so far
Apple move over, here comes Android.
its cool could be better
Just got the app but it seems pretty cool
Love it
Lovee it big help works great
This app is awesome..... shes so smart
Skyvi is awesome
Skyvi is awesome
Get this app !! You wont be disappointed !
So great!
Not bad at ask all
Lol
Sweet
Sweet
Very nice
Love it. Very useful ;)
Great
Awsome works great
I think I'm falling in love with skyvi, first app to actually recognize the name I say when texting or calling and I tried them all lol
best app!
Its awesom
this is just like siri   i love it!
I think this is pretty cool, may take a bit to get use to
Cool app
Best app ever
I luv this app it jokes wit me
Love this app so far
Loving this App!!!
love it!!!!!!!
Its like talking to a friend
Its like talking to a friend
I'm having fun with this app!
Try cursing.  Lol
I am having fun with this!
Love it
this app is b*****
Functionally its good but it miss interprets my words very often I'll give it 5 stars just on the fact that it works most of the time
This is fun
awesome!
awesome!
Its a fun app to ask stupid questions too needs work sounding out words
This is sweet. No lie
I'm speechless its just so awesome!! :)
Amazing
Alot!
Got totry and see how far you get
AWESOME!!!
she is a very nice person
Who needs Siri, when there's Skyvi.........awesome!!!!!!
Good app
Nice
Wow!!!! This is tight
What I Phone!
Spent an hour just playing with it... Very helpful when your already juggling 10 things... Hopefully you will dig it as well...
I like this app.. its helpful :)
Skyvi rocks
This is pretty cool
Works good ...
Should not have to train as much in beginning, but fun app
Works pretty well considering..
Works pretty well considering..
Not too bad :)
Works well still needs a little development but is a great app.
Cool to use
Goofy
Lol I.don't want the iPhone4s anymore
Lol I.don't want the iPhone4s anymore
Gets confused.
Easy to use & Skyvi is easy to understand!
Awesome app...get it while its hot.
Love this. So much fun!
Just started, its ok the learn your name part isn't all right but its cool
Love it. Though even at times it doesn't say names right.
A free app with this much attention to detail deserves 5 stars. plus im from Atlanta and it understands me lol!
So far so good
works very well so far. I teally like it alot!!!
Wayyy cool! Very helpful and useful!
The app is gud
Love this app dont now how i lived with out it
Skyvi needs a sexy voice
Skyvi needs a sexy voice
Android becomes more powerful!
Fun fun
Fun fun
So far im enjoying it...works great!
Very cool. Has lots of potential.
This just entertains me. I've had for three minutes and now I'm on top of EVERYTHING.
Just do what she says and everything will be ok.
My favorite app ever.
My favorite app ever.
good
Zxxxxxxxxxxxvhufghydgdssaaaa
Faster and smarter than the native S voice on the G s3 over WiFi
It does almost everything I say and always understands me
Ive only had the app a couple hours. I hadn't stop using it yet it would better if i had a couple diff choices of voices but other than that i think it compares to that i phone commercial with suri. I think its a great download
I love her!
Tons of fun but does require patience on user part. She doesn't hear her name very well.
only reason I wanted iphone 4s cuz of siri this app is wicked glad I stayed android boom!
Nice app. Like it
Yeah.
Nice on HTC thunderbolt
Its awesome. Very helpful. But I like asking it ridiculous questions!!! Lol
Working very well on my Motorola RAZR Maxx . Asked to open Calender, does not understand that and most English commands. Hoping for update to fix these issues soon.
Love this app
Love this app
Love this app
Love it
You get give stars for effort.  Can't wait til its better than Siri because I don't use anything made by iphone.  WAY TO GO!!!
Love this
Just like siri! It's amazing
Great app so far
Loving this SOP already; Only had it for about 10 minutes.  Perfect for my active life. Thanks Skyvi
I love this app works great droid razor
Pretty good
I absolutely love this app!
I enjoy the app.. I just trying it out, but I like it so far
This thing works awesome works just as good as siri maybe even better
I asked skyvi if its just like siri and it said no i am far superior and she was right i am now happy
I asked skyvi if its just like siri and it said no i am far superior and she was right i am now happy
Very cool
Great app
I use it all the time! (:
Very cool
Simply Looove skyvi..very helpful!
Love it
its pretty gud
IT'S SELF AWARE!!!!!!!
This is the best assistant app I have found and I have been looking since Siri came out.
I love this f the iPhone
Siri has competition
Its like clever bott and im enjoying to talk to.it!! :)
Great app!!!!!!!!!
Its awesome
Good so far, small issues with understanding some phrases, but nothin 2 really complain about..... Yet...
it is very intelligent, THX SKYVI!!
I like it, its super helpful and sometimes when it hears me incorrectly, its funny . And skyvi  corrects my mistakes, alo.
Great app to have on phone. Saved me alot if times while driving on the road. I use it everyday
Works like apple's Siri!
Fantastic. I'm having so much fun with this!
Asked for pizza near me it told me places 257 miles away. Asked for pizza in my city name and it doesn't recognize it, gives me pizza around the state capital. Useless for me.
Seems to work fine
So far, so good! There is definitely work to be done but it is awesome and free right now! Give it a try!   She knows my name... lol
Its funny sorta like cleverbot but this app helps u
Love this app.
This is great
Ads hurt, sms buggy, but still a cool idea, time waster.
Ads hurt, sms buggy, but still a cool idea, time waster.
what else can we do in this world
what else can we do in this world
Very good program very accurate
Its awesome
Works beautifully.  I no longer have siri envy.
Works fine on HTC sensation de, fast an pretty accurate. It's developing well too.
Works fine on HTC sensation de, fast an pretty accurate. It's developing well too.
Love it.
Great app!
Great app she makes me laugh
Awesome truly awesome
No complaints so far.
awesome app i just love it was sceptical first but was proven wrong
She has alot of potiental but needs to listen more and be ready
Fun and amussing
Very useful
Fun to interact with and very useful for when I have my hands full and use my headset. Five stars!
This is an awesome tool
This app is great free and may as well be siri
Love it
Very good.
Good app would be better if it had voices built in on the app
Understands everything
Try it
I like it a lot
i love this application already, i say everyone with Android download it.. and forget SIRI
Fun. Smart. Vagina
I seem to ask it one thing it sort of does it close enough at least for android so ill give it 4 stars til they fix the bugs highly recommend it
Like having a friend in your pocket
Best app
This is ultimately the reason why Android kicks apples butt,  love this app
Pretty neat
Great app.love it
Pretty good for a copy of siri on iPhone its decent it can do a lot I just hate the voice lol
Just awesome
She does what i tell her...
F siri..skyvi all day
She's  great don't use as much as I'd like but enjoy her when I do
I absolutely love it. Amazing
I absolutely love it. Amazing
Farting ducks since 1987
Great app sometimes its a little slow but workable
Amazing u saved my from a car acident saved my life
Its not siri but it will do for now lol
What a cool app!
Kool app
I like the app
Wow I think its best siri app for Android
Ight
Your the bestest
Keep it up people, great app.
It is great!
If this app even remotely interests you, try it. It's free Siri on Android. Doesn't get any better than that :-)
Its not perfect but for free your getting a lot out of it
She is one smart gal. And she is woman...what could be better!?
She is great
This app is fun...I am glad I downloaded it...
Love It!! I don't even need the iPhone
Cooc.cool
Extremely helpfull app.
Thx for coming up with something so cool for android
Good
Not bad
Excellent, couple of things could be improved, but overall very well made.
I absolutely love this app!
Its awesome
Great alternative to the standard voice search but needs a little improvement before i will use it daily... great job so far though:)
I love it ..skyve is the best
This is a great app and I'm loving it. The best feature to me is the faster texting. This is a great app and would recommend it to anyone.
I love it it is vary useful
Good app
Works pretty good
Nice start, but nowhere near as sophisticated as siri or assistant.
Awesome app
Who needs an iphone. Not me
This apps pretty great so far.
This is awesome!
This is an awesome app. Works great with my phone. You just have to enunciate your words.
Its an fabulous app in android
Probably the best one ive downloaded since ive had this phone!
I like How interactive this program is.
Wow this is awesome i love it. Plus my phone is boost mobile & it hardly works with anything! Thanx
Works good but she says some random wierd things
Good dialogue
Love it
I like pretty kool
Love it....
I've been waiting for something like siri for the android
Very helpful when you are driving or focusing on a big project and don't want to be distracted.  You can hear your messages and decide if you want to answer
Still figuring it out but so far so good
So far so good
She makes me laugh, very good app!
Double cool
Yeah support skyvi
Does just as good as siri
This is a great app!
Awesome and fun
K
Ekstra aplikacija!
It is wonderful and does is one of my personal favorites
Works well...fun app.
Somehow its better than siri
I just download it this app and it is the best it has a smart mouth of but it is very funny... I'm going to keep it
Love it love it
Except for the adds.
Decent
So fun, now I'm never going to get any work done.
Love this app.
Nice app.
Voice needs to get upgraded
Accurate
Awesome
So far this app is great understands everything's
I love it
Really good when driving.  Changed voice to one with Aussie accent.  So fun.
Really cool app but cant add events in google calander she just tells ne to get someone else to do it please add that feature
I finally found a girl that listen ...
Its entertaining
Who ever thought of this is truly a genius. I love this app. Keep up the good work :-)
Better than expected
very useful love it.
Fun to play with and  use
Awesome i love it
Awesome ill always usr this app
Love it
Nice!
I so love this app.
I've been using for a day now and it works excellent
Awesome
Useful app. Does what it says.
Works great so easy to use
Amazing!!!!
WORKS GREAT!
Best app so far, just wish the whole app didn't open while using a widget
Could use more features to personalize more like siru
This thing is legit.
Its pretty cool...for most part works well dosnt under stand some names but it tries...speak an tex works great
This is a rather simple clean fun program that easy to use however with 1 small annoying dish you everytime you receive a text to pops it up on your screen .. other than that it's very functional easy to use .. lot of fun
Great app
It may not be perfect but it does what it's suppose to.
So much help
High school and college football game on your computer and the other side of my friends and family members and friends	Pimp and I love u
Aswsome
It's exacly like siri
This is a good app to have,  very helpful.
I couldnt be happier!
I couldnt be happier!
This is a great app for people who don't have iphones. Works great. Deffinatly a five star
Great app just like siri for the Iphone.
I love skyvi!
Love her
Good
Good
awesome! voice needs to be a bit more smooth
This app actually works the way it should I use it all the time and showed my wife and now it's her favorite app I would recommend it
i jus got it n love it all at the same time
Great app - better than siri!
Amazing!! It works a lot faster than other siri like apps and is much more capeable
This is a great app. With lots of fun.
I love it!
Love it, its a really cool app!
Not bad
I love this! Its amazing. Does what I need.
Skyvi is better than Siri. Eat that apple!
This is great, I think more should be done with voice recognition but other than that it works great. It's very helpful and time consuming.
I love this app
Its a good app helps a lot!
Skyvi calls me honey bun when no one else will!
Simply put.
Good app not same as iphone4 but good
Awesome app!
This if s pretty good app
Pretty awesome is like ur talking to your phone
This app is great and used in conjunction with with jelly beans regular voice recognition makes my phone is awesome
So far i am loving this AP!!!!!  I hope they keep improving it like they claim.
Better than nothing
enjoyable and accurate
So far so good!
No problems here
Its great, just gotta pay for the best features
It seems to have few errors understanding me.
I love this app. I think it's a lot of fun and very useful...Lisa in Houston
Hope it will have bahasa
like a personal assistant!
Luv it!
I just wish there were different voices yo choice from.
Haha i just like how it talks to me could use more commands but its great
Too good.... Found some glitches but still nothing like this software,.,. Millon thanks to developers
Nice app
Its very cool
Its very cool
Figuring it out
YUUUUUHHHSS!
this app is awesome
A lot
Great app !
Its ok its not the best but its funny
Please add indian voice support. than it will rock in india.
Its really awesome, but im having problems with the name things... XD she says my name is 'Cat Names' xD lol
Love this app its cool.and free.
Better than galaxy s voice lol
Not too shabby
Cool!
Had little expectations, but rocks!
It's cool really cool peeps
This app really works its not one of those crappy apps this is a nice one I suggest getting it
Love it!!! Thank you
This app is really cool. She often says her system isnt keeping up or something...but its fine because she asks u to repeat and she figures it out. Very cool app :)
It should have the mic on HTC vividi
Yeah
Im still figuring out every thing it can do but so far this app is great!!
Im still figuring out every thing it can do but so far this app is great!!
its  very great
This works flawlessly :D
Cool!
Goody
Luv this app
Seems ok. Yet to test fully
I love this app it makes my day!! Ask it to marry you.
I love this app. we communicate all day.ehe
Amazing app. I love it. It takes some voice training but its awesome.
Dee dooper
Its my only friend
Its very nice to have
I wish it could work with google calendar to check and schedule dates and what not
I love this "Skyvi" chick. She helped me forget Siri
Very nice
Very cool & fun!!
Is amazing and cool
Cumbersome...spoken voice misread.  Need  to learn how to use.  Fiind function works well.
Great app that works for my HTC 4Ever Evo.
Great program
love it!
Great app
Amazing
This is a really awesome app. Skyvi is way better than siri. I did a side by side comparison and skyvi had much more information.
She does everything i say!!!
Only had it for a day so for but already much better than iris. Similar quality to siri. About time someone made a quality android competitor to siri.
Only had it for a day so for but already much better than iris. Similar quality to siri. About time someone made a quality android competitor to siri.
Only had it for a day so for but already much better than iris. Similar quality to siri. About time someone made a quality android competitor to siri.
Fun as ever
Best siri alternative
I like it lol
Awesome!!!
Works like a Charm.!
I have a zte warp, and so far love this ap! I wish i could personalize the voice and stuff, but so far she works awesome, especially vs. Iris.
I luv this app works greay
It's done great with the tasks I give it. I cannot complain that it does not work for my ridiculous commands
This is deep
This is so koo everyone.                    should try it!
This app is fun to play around with an actually interacts  with you its awesome
I love it. Her voice takes a little getting used to but she's very smart and USEFUL!
I love it. Her voice takes a little getting used to but she's very smart and USEFUL!
Best app evea!
Pretty good but more things that could be added and I think everything should be free
Awesome
This app is pretty good. I like it better than siri ^____^
Awesome!
Awesome!
Very cool... not playing music on my phone though.
The best
Fun app. Not too difficult to use.
Must try app!!!
It's great. Really works. Makes my life easier
Amazing
All kinds of awesome!!!
All kinds of awesome!!!
Awesome
This is pretty cool
This is pretty cool
To fresh
Works real good
Got this for when I receive text messages and I'm driving or otherwise occupied.  Easy to set up and use.  If it ever can integrate itself into my other apps and become usable with my bluetooth, I'll be in absolute heaven.  As it is, I can hear everything out of my BT, but Skyvi won't pick me up from it.
Love it
A Mazing app
Best app ever :)
Awesome app!!!
Works pretty good
The best
Great app
Works great
Best thing ever
Love
Very cool app! It keeps you entertained and majesty jokes!!
This is Awsome
Works better than I thought it would
Pretty cool app.[:
Nice
It is just like the iPhone 4s one
Love it
I lovd Skyvi
I have downloaded it on lots of my friends phones and my last 3phones
I have downloaded it on lots of my friends phones and my last 3phones
It really work  give it a five star
Good
Not disappointed so far!!!
Very funny app! HURRAY Lol
I love Skyvi I give it 5 stars and a plus.
Very cool app. Still going through the tutorial, but so far so good. This could make things a little easier.
I think this app is just as good as siri if not better.
Just like siri
I love it... very polite and helpful.. also has a sense of humor
