App doesn't open.
It's been fourteen months and still no tablet support for the galaxy tab. Ridiculous.
I enjoyed the game up until the first first time Barry stops moving in the middle of a ton of zombies.  It makes me want to smash my tablet.  Something is screwed up with the movement control.
Forces close every time I open it!
Joystick below bottom of screen
Update?
Not playable in Xperia anymore after ICS upgrade
Takes ages to load I'm on an evo lte. No reason for it to load so slow.
No updates ever since i download the game the game
Doesn't load properly, when it does you can't get pass the main menu no matter how much you touch the screen
this games doesnt work on my phone after i updated it to ics
Can't even open the app... the screen just blackout
on my transformer prime, the game keeps crashing back to main menu. also it is surprisingly difficult to control
I just don't like the game play
I think for 99 cents I was overcharged. Game just doesn't cut it and my 4 grandsons, age 4 to 14 were bored with it in less than 5 minutes.
It cusses so much and is really inappropriate just wanting to warn u. Unistalling all there apps!!!!
The controls suck
Doesn't update on xperia play giving error 403.
Almost a year and no galaxy tab 10.1 support. ASAP.. what a joke
Horrible controls.
Hardly any levels, gun pickups don't last long enough, no way to upgrade guns. Too repetitive.
It's a pity because I tried it on Xperia Price and it's a good game. Make sure it works on your phone before buy!
Just an empty black screen
Decent game design reined by dreadful onscreen joystick controls. Made me want to snap my tablet in two.
does not work.
EVO 3D. Controls stick and mess up   Please update !!!!
Pourrai etre bon si le controle netai pas vraiment nul:(
On Motorola Milestone 2 - freezes on Faint every time it boots up
Can't shoot on GN at Eygpt level.  Please fix.
It resets all the time i can get more then 30 seconds in the game. I hope that you try to fix this
Great game but the worst gaming interface ever. The two virtual joysticks reposition themselves even while you are using them. F'ing stupid.
Can't move and shoot at the same time on lte galaxy nexus
always crashes on galaxy s2 Please fix.
this app shows a black screen when opened
Fun game on HTC desire but... This is a real fun game... However it keeps force closing on samsung galaxy2 t989, and does not play music. Please fix.
Black screen on Moto Defy. Then nothing.
Overall a good game but need more level. Control easy to use
Whats with not being able to fight the final boss without crashing... Droid x. Fix this crap or keep the 1 star
Keeps freezing during intro on galaxy s2
Running on a HTC Hero GSM. Start up the application and I get a black screen and full phone crash.  Shame - It looks like it would be a good game
Fut uses feint and crashes all the time
Not working on the Gnex.
Would b nice if I could play this game that I jus wasted money on...won't even load past the title screen...this blowzzzzz!!! Plz fix
Great
Good game just too short but still fun
But came back and tried it again,  could you please update to fix the bugs on samsung galaxy s2 gti9100. Thanks.
Never loaded past black screen on galaxy s 2. Looks fun tho :/
There are almost too many enemies constantly.  Give me a chance early in the game and send them in waves that are reasonable!
Doesn't start on my OG Droid / GPA19. May just be the ROM though.
Doesn't start on my OG Droid / GPA19. May just be the ROM though.
Finally got bored with whatever it was doing, if anything, and hit up the home screen. Killed my LWP and keeps killing WiFi until I reboot.
Plays once, then crashes randomly to a black screen. For the 5 minutes that it was working, it was amusing.
Controls uncomfortable. Gives you the tutorial *every* time you start a new game. Impossible to pause or quit the game until the game is over.
Gun doesnt even fire
It just won't load on my x2. I hope an update will fix this.
Freezes after first kill. Evo 3d
Constantly loses controls and won't move anymore.  Makes it impossible to play.  Not fun!  G2. (Why can't I play it on my galaxy tab?  Not in market?)
Doesnt work well on the Samsung S2 or Dell Streak, unplayable, shame, looks fun!
Game doesn't load, just get a black screen.
Wont start, black screen. Motorola Defy  But have played it on PSP and its a great game!
Can't download. Says not enough space but clearly not correct.
Controls stop working during gameplay
Cpu usage goes up phone heats up and causes app to freeze Great game but bugy on sg2
I have had SO many problems trying to download this game, and it STILL doesn't work. They charged me twice, so I refunded, it then took me 3 days to get a refund and now they charged me again when I tried to buy it and the game won't even download.. not impressed. If I actually do get refunded again, I'm not going to bother buying this no matter how good the reviews are.
I can download it but than Iam unable it install it on my dell streak
Black screens my Droid 1. No help from HALFBRICK other than a canned email with no further replies.
Does not work on Droid 2 cm7. When emailing support, no answer is given.
Zombie trex
Would have been 5 stars if it was longer. I played through this $3 game in a little over an hour!
Love it on my GT 10.1
Short game, crap writing (that thinks its funny) and a mediocre gameplay mechanic. Low replay value makes the game not worth the purchase. Regret.
Great game, super fun!! I like it all but new levels/updates would make the replay value go way up. Expect to beat the game in about 30-45 mins
Force Close constantly on Moto Xoom! Real shame as when it does work, it's good fun. Please fix ASAP.
Does not work on Nook Color running Honeycomb. Just locks up with a black screen.
I NEED MORE STEAKFRIES, BRING ME MORE STEAKFRIES! LOL. Seriously though, sequel please!
I tried buying the game and the only part that worked was me getting charged. It wont download from the market on my galaxy tab or from the web market when I try to send it. Don't purchase this until this is fixed or you will just end up with a bill. Galaxy Tab 10.1
I tried buying the game and the only part that worked was me getting charged. It wont download from the market on my galaxy tab or from the web market when I try to send it. Don't purchase this until this is fixed or you will just end up with a bill. Galaxy Tab 10.1
Every letter in text boxes show up as landscape pieces. I can't read anything at ALL! G2.
Sooooo much fun! Love it but wish it was longer moree levels!!!!!! As evveryone else said
Great game but unplayable past level 3-1 due to constant resets. Galaxy Nexus w/4.1.1
On my nexus 7 tablet it worked great until world 5, now it just restarts to the title screen all the time
At first I worked well then it didn't function properly and began to crash and restart. Please Fix the problem
Used to absolutely love it, but it won't open since I my phone got ics :(
No good graphics, they are to pixilated, no updates, common the graphics in motorola atrix 2 are to bad, add HD graphics!!!
Having a lot of trouble with this game functioning properly on the galaxy nexus. Perhaps a Samsung driver issue?  Appears to be multi touch issues.
controls suck. They get stuck all the time and the only way to continue is to close it and start over.
Its a great game, but is too short and there is no updates
The controls are slow to respond and sometimes sticks in one spot.  Its kinda to simple.
Not much to it.
Poor gun controls Difficult to fire as it seems the on screen button doesn't respond most of the time.
Keeps force closing and music doesn't play on T989
I guess this game would be fun to play with physical controls -- it got a funny story and nice graphics. But the touchscreen controls are hard to use, which makes it unplayable for me.
It gets real glitchy on my GS2
Extremely difficult to control as controls are not very responsive. Would not buy if not for 10 cents
This 30 mins of gameplay please update with more levels WAY MORE LEVELS
Does not work on HTC Inspire. Loaded first time, but after that, nothing. Wasted money.
Not much gameplay, very dull  and poor controls. Graphics are also aweful. Uninstalling
I have this on a HTC Rezound and neither the Fixed or Floating controls work properly.  Once you lift your finger to throw a grenade you won't be able to regain control of your character until he dies and only if your fingers are down on the control position wether it be fixed or floating when respawn is complete will it work again
It would be fun if the controls weren't absolutely horrible. After throwing a grenade or picking up a weapon just plan to die. Your joysticks die.
I can't play at all.
The joysticks keep moving around making it hard to hit the zombies
Fun game. When I wanted to play it again, it wouldn't start! It's just a black screen. Fix please!
This game is an awesome game until I got to level 2-1 and the controls started malfunctioning on me and the controls started floating uncontrollably
Fun game but crashes very very often on Samsung galaxy s2, game is also very short, seems like it was rushed through testing.
Please update Doesn't work on G2 controls stop working correctly
Dell Streak 7
Worked on my samsung vibrant but on my galaxy s 2 it force closes like Crazy wtf fix and I'll rate better cause this games awsome
Will install just fine with no issues just wont open
Force Close constantly on Moto Xoom! Real shame as when it does work, it's good fun. Please fix ASAP.
love it on my nexus s 4g but force closes on my galaxy tab 10.1 :/
Waste of money. Tries too hard to be evil dead, and fails. Story mode takes about 30 minutes to complete.
game is fun but short. in android v. not have bg sound why? and hope to update more stage.
Text appears as blocks. Also I cannot use my gun after the opening scene. HTC Desire HD.
Great game and a lot of fun! HalfBrick should definitely make more games for Android. Nexus S
Not much to say here...
But controls for atrix are wonky. Often will shoot when I'm clicking in the movement side
I Like this game
Funny, fun, easy to control, just wish there was a lot more of it. Edited: I'm removing a star because they've given iOS the updates we've been begging for, but not android. We paid three same money, we should get the same game
Too short, no replay value
Has bgm for a while then just stops :s
The description says Samsung GT10.1 is unsupported but it works for mine and its pretty fun. Good job Halfbrick!
It's an okay play. The controls were definitely not meant for the touch screen. During intense moments I found my fingers slipping outside the analog area leaving me open to attack. The childish toilet humor is somewhat entertaining at first but gets old. Overall relatively fun with exception to the minor flaws.
Controls stick, and game freezes, otherwise good mindless fun
Was awesome on my old droid charge, can't play it correctly on my new galaxy note, really enjoyed the game, fix this and I will come change my rating!
Not bad. Sometimes controls dissappear or change position or freeze.
Multi touch controls fail a lot of the time and leave you stranded..
Everytime i throw a drag out i have to pause and play the like three time in order to shoot. Please fix this issue thank u. The rocks thou
Extremely fun game; I now play it more than angry birds.  Clever and visually appealing, deliberately lame dialog.  Acts squirrelly sometimes on Bionic--controls stick, often won't load, pause or exit. Update, please!  And more levels!  Nombrains!
Not as fun as I expected. I thought it was an okay game, but it felt repetative after 15 minutes. Dialog is somewhat amusing and graphics look good.
Too short. but very fun and worth the price
Don't get me wrong, it's a good game. It's just that ultra-repetitive, mindless shooting kinda fun; shooting zombies is great fun but I woulda liked a bit of variety. The game is really short, around a 30 - 40 minute game I think (to beat it completely). There is little to no replay value in the levels. One thing this game does really well is try and make Steakfries a complete badass through the script. It's genuinely funny, so that gets my props.
They have completely stopped updating there apps. They suck. Hard.
No music. Game does not load sometimes. Locks up at menu occasionally. Fun otherwise, just wish it worked properly.
An absolutely braindead twin-stick shooter, which --in its defense-- is what it sets out to be. Just don't expect too much.
Fun game, but it's very short-lived!
The game is great fun, but far too short and can be completed in an hour.
This game is great! I love the idea, the controls and the challenge. Only problem is needs more levels. Willing to pay for additional levels, just develop them then 5 stars.
Its a great game a few small annoyances with it but the major thing is constant crashing on the epic touch.
All story levels were done within one seating and in less than 1 hour. Also floating controls is useless as they're to hard to use. Still entertaining
Reason why I gave it three stars is because of such poor support on the Galaxy SII for T-Mobile
Very good, nice game, nice mechanics, but very, very, very short... i bought it for 10c, but I wouldn't pay more for such a game...
On the Tmobile Samsung galaxy s2 SGH-T989. Works one in 5 times, but typically hangs when loading. Great game. I'll re rate Ponce these issues r fixed
It is an ok arcade game - same basic concept as Robotron. Not really of interest to me.  We found this ran quite slowly on the later levels.
Fun but short
Way too simple.
However far too easy and didn't take long to finish. More levels are needed for a better score.
Great game. Lots of fun and hilarious dialogue.  Still very buggy on T-Mobile SGH-T989 (SGS-II) as well as on G2. Game sometimes won't start or freezes during gameplay. Making the game longer and more stable would highly increase it's value.
I like this game. However, I have experienced a couple of startup problems when I just get a black screen. and in level 2.1, it keeps restarting. :(
Was playing half way through a level, suddenly ejected me out to the starting menu. Had to start all over again. Experienced on different levels.
Was playing half way through a level, suddenly ejected me out to the starting menu. Had to start all over again. Experienced on different levels.
Pretty good game, although too short. Main problem is that there is not a single funny line the entire time, like it was written by a middle schooler.
Definitely worth ten cents, but too short for the regular purchase price.
When starting the game... Atrix
Finished the game in one go, too short
Works inconsistently. when the app isn't displaying a black screen, it's a rather entertaining. game. Galaxy s2.
Fun if it decides to run, tends to crash a lot more, if it didn't a four star rating would be more appropriate
It's a fun game, but it has a habit of crashing. Worth 5 stars if that gets fixed.
There are almost too many enemies constantly.  Give me a chance early in the game and send them in waves that are reasonable!
Cant use both joysticks at the same time.  Think this is down to hardware not being fully multitouch but surprised phone isn't listed as incompatible.
the game has potential but the control scheme is horrid. utter fail
This game would almost be fun if the controls weren't so awful!
It's good that this game only cost me 10¢.The floating controls are bad - grenade button off screen. Looks nice, but play experience incomplete.
Controls are awkward on s2
Excellent game, but way too short. I would like to battle more zombiesl dinosaurs. Zombie T-Rex survival mode? Zombie velociraptor? Make it happen!
Only complaint is the controls, which cause death more than the swarms of zombies. Otherwise one of the best games on the market.
Very short game but its good
This game is by far my fav game its sooo good
As usual, Zombie survival is always fun to play. I do have, however, some concerns when it comes to control. The game allows for floating (the controls slowly centers on your finger if you drag it too far away from the original location) and fixed control (controls always stay in the same spot). My advice? Select fixed control. Several times did I have issues with the character not behaving the way I expected because the controls were wandering about the screen. Also, get used to blabbermouthing by the hero
Average game. The writing isn't witty. The game play is good, but repetitive. This would be a larger problem if the game was longer.
Doesn't work cm7 for Droid x but ran fine when I was on GB 2.3.3. Super fun game while it worked :(
love it on my nexus s 4g but force closes on my galaxy tab 10.1 :/
Awesome game, but way too short. If a coop mode was incorporated that would be super bomb.
Nothing but a black screen shows on my Nook color. Hopefully you can fix it.
Nothing but a black screen shows on my Nook color. Hopefully you can fix it.
game is fun but short. in android v. not have bg sound why? and hope to update more stage.
Fun game but wayyy too short for $3, i finished this in about 30 min
Awesome! Addicting fun and plays great on my Samsung Galaxy S (rooted). Only one thing could make this game better... Co-op! :-D
Text appears as blocks. Also I cannot use my gun after the opening scene. HTC Desire HD.
Takes 24 MB of space! By far the largest game on my phone. Does not work with apps2sd in CM7. Dev, please add app2sd!
Great game but can't control it with my Bluetooth controller. Adding that would bump it to 5 stara
Extremely addicting only ISS ie for me is the turning sometimes messes up..
It's a good game well made good characters and good gameplay but I completed this in a couple if hours. I was actually shocked that the game was so short. I'd say if it was a bit cheaper its worth it but not for how quickly you can complete it. One annoying thing is that u can't bring up the exit / menu button with the back key.
Good way to kill some time. Played best in short bursts since it is on the short side. Funny writing and controls well. Highly recommended.
Its been a log tima since I played this game on my,phone but its still cool
Where's the sequel?!
To ben controls aren't an issue with the xperia play...great game simple premise but awesome....and although a little underpowered if u wanna play games u need xperia play.. games were meant to be played with controller....so.much.better....love it the game a+
a longer story!  Awesome game otherwise.
I'm happy to.see some good apps still support xperia plays :/
I finished this game and still go back to it regularly.. so much fun. Survival mode will keep you coming back for more.
Fun game from the little I managed to play, but my phone's multitouche doesn't allow cross-axis, making the controls a complete pain to use
Awesome game but it's way too short
This game provides a fairly good campaign experience and survival mode is fanatastic. However, the maps get old. Maybe some doc in the future?
S'ok, could be better but everything could...
Love the game but weapons need to be fixed the mines are to touchy needs a lil more time on them and needs to make the buzzsaws power not drain so,fast
Fun but multi touch stopped working after a bit and back button doesn't work during game play and it asks if I want to exit when I hit back from start screen. Why? So annoying.
I'm just slow at grasping the controls on the xperia play. Love the humor in this game too :)
Really enjoyed this game. Wish there were more levels though.  How can we get more levels?????
Fun game, but looks really pixelated on htc sensation.
Great game, but sometimes the controls can be frustrating.
Was 5 stars when, but the lack of any new levels being added brings it down quite a bit.
Love. Wish it was longer though
Love. Wish it was longer though
Plays really well with the Xperia Play. This game will make you come back and kill more zombies even after you finish the story.
Was really happy with this game but there is a bug. Randomly the movement of the character  is messed up and i eventually  die
Really fun game . Recommend downloading
The only problem I have is that the controls can lag which really sucks for survival mode because you wont be able to move.
Great fun, a couple more levels would have been 5 stars. 10p was great value, but have to be fair in a review.
Awesome, but glitches
This is a great game an amazing value so if your looking for a fun game that you can play while your bored at work or school then buy this coz it realy is top class.
This is one of the best games I've played on my droid.  its actually pretty funny.
The dialogue is so poor that it's brilliant!
Controls freeze sometimes during survival or don't react right
Doesn't get the same updates as Apple. Would be nice to see Halfbrick release the same games for Android as well as the attention to updates. Good game though a little on the short side...
great game but too little level which are repetitive.
But a great game otherwise
Nice game, great humor.
I like the language.
A short game without a lot of variety, but pretty fun (and at least a little funny)
Funny and straight forward. Not many levels though, still worth 60p
Plenty of weapons to kill thousands of zombies, what else?
Controls work great, good game and very entertaining. Cheap price makes it all the better!
I like this game, runs smoothly, but it's over really fast! Add more levels, please!!
Beat the game already! Add more levels, please!
Game is a little bit too short and openfeint does not always load.
If you haven't played this game, you should. That said, you'll be bored after beating it once.
I only wish this game were longer! Finished it in like 2 hours. More levels please!
Pretty entertaining though the on-screen controls do take some getting used to. Can't fault it for that though.
When there last bosses health hits zero the game restarts. Aggrevating, otherwise awesome.
Great on my OG Droid but the controls don't work well on my GNex...yet. please fix.
Good fun and it makes me laugh!
Really good fun. Nice controls
Campaign was waaaay too short.
.  Fun game,  fast pace,  10c sale item.  Oh and it has zombies.  :)
Very nice twin stick style shooter. The Xperia Play controls are well implemented and make the game a blast to play.
Fun to turn your brain off and just go. Great controls, great fun.
As others have said, it's kind of short. But it's fun to play and has some funny parody humor. 5 stars for fun, 3 for length.
Good controls, performance, visuals and fun history. But very short, it only gave me 5min*15levels = 75min of gameplay.
Good.
Game was fun to play when bored. Was really short though and the dialogue was stupid.
Fun game, well worth the 10¢
The shooting controls are a bit awkward but a little more practice will get it right. Fun game. Worth the dime.
Was playing half way through a level, suddenly ejected me out to the starting menu. Had to start all over again. Experienced on different levels.
Amazing but too short
The game is good but needs more levels
Best 10 cents spent thanks to Google. Its easy but still fun
When starting the game... Atrix
game. Good xperia play controls. Please add more levels!!!
A great, albeit shallow little game. Gorgeous, fun, and fastpaced.  Forced tutorial is always lame though.
Good game just too short but still fun
But a little short :(
Good game but doesn't support gamepad on my SE Xperia arc
It's a great app, good fun but you need to be able to touch shoot or have auto aim
Dynamic virtual keypads are nice but they make the secondary weapon a little hard to aim sometimes. Otherwise fun game.
Samsung galaxy s. Darkyrom
Savage, violent, and fun. Controls a little awkward but easy to pick up.
Great game wish it was longer, I beat it in a day and have most of the achievements
Its a simple fun concept with fast & clean gameplay. Only issue is that the on screen thumb sticks can lose tracking & you stop shooting
If you like shoot'em ups this title is for you. Controls are great (gs2)and its very fun to play, but i am already half way done after 20min of play.
I would like to see multiplayer and option to disable Feint.
Graphics are good, story is sufficiently silly.  Dual virtual joysticks too easily block the view of the action, though.
but the controls are hit and miss making hitting targets harder. Great graphics though.
Its nice. But in my phone (LG P920) after exiting (and confirming) it will stay on the memory and the music will stay on the back. Must kill it then
Great game needs more levels beat the game in 2 hours and needs to load faster.
Epic but more levels would be nice
Great game but force closes on galaxy s 2
Great game. Very funny. It'd be great  if it  were longer.
real fun game but I finished it in 2 hours, needs to be longer
This game is incredibly fun, very humorous, and is easily the best of its kind that I've played so far. There's just one thing: it's way too short! I beat it in a few hours. Don't get me wrong, they were an incredible few hours. I just wish it could have been a few more.
An addictive boxhead~esque shooter, it is a bit short though
Just a little too short to get 5 stars
It could be longer, and you need to add weapon upgrades.
It would be more if it wasnt beatable in 20 minutes and you had some incentive to play survival like rewards like gun upgrades our something like that
Great, smooth game play, funny story that didn't take itself too seriously. Worth the cash :D
survival is insane omg need more maps for it. maybe a co-op? cant seem 2 get music working though =( galaxy s
Smooth, funny, full of action on xperia play! I gave 4 stars instead of 5 cuz it isn't hd. It's worth $3! I'd pay twice da price if hd version existed
Absolute fun, TOO SHORT! And just a tad easy. Beat it one try. Funny and great time waster on survival
Was best game on my evo but screen is cut pdf on my sprint epic touch4g ... Please fix!!!!
great game but it wont let me update for some reason. it keeps telling me to purchase the game but I already did.
Best 2 stick shooter ive played on Android by far. Shame the campaign is so short though
For those getting black screen on sgs2, try the nvidia plugin from chainfire
I love this game! Who wouldn't want to fight a zombie t-rex? - EVO 3D
I love this game! Who wouldn't want to fight a zombie t-rex? - EVO 3D
Zombie trex
Would have been 5 stars if it was longer. I played through this $3 game in a little over an hour!
The market is overrun with two stick shooters but this is one of the few worth buying
Good game but cheaper games have been just as fun and longer. but very good
Over too fast.
More levels please.
Awesome game but too short.
Great game play but I think with the high end devices coming out these days graphics could of been better. Looks great on G2X but on tablets there should of been a HD version
I haven't even played the game. In fact, I can't play the game, thanks to a frozen screen every time I hit play. Plz fix! Captivate Gingerbread
I haven't even played the game. In fact, I can't play the game, thanks to a frozen screen every time I hit play. Plz fix! Captivate Gingerbread
This game rocks! So much fun to shoot zombie cavemen. :-D
Good but only 4 levels. Survival level good after beating the game. Beat in 30 minutes.
You can kill a zombie trex with a buzz saw. Do you need to know anything else?
Doesn't work cm7 for Droid x but ran fine when I was on GB 2.3.3. Super fun game while it worked :(
Pretty good overall. The only trouble is level 5.3 boss battle quits to menu screen and cannot be played. ? Can u fix? More please... Droid x
Force Close constantly on Moto Xoom! Real shame as when it does work, it's good fun. Please fix ASAP.
Awesome, but lags to much, would probably lag less if the joysticks weren't "moveable".
I NEED MORE STEAKFRIES, BRING ME MORE STEAKFRIES! LOL. Seriously though, sequel please!
I NEED MORE STEAKFRIES, BRING ME MORE STEAKFRIES! LOL. Seriously though, sequel please!
Awesome game, but way too short. If a coop mode was incorporated that would be super bomb.
Nothing but a black screen shows on my Nook color. Hopefully you can fix it.
Sooooo much fun! Love it but wish it was longer moree levels!!!!!! As evveryone else said
Sooooo much fun! Love it but wish it was longer moree levels!!!!!! As evveryone else said
I could read the text on my thunderbolt, but it was very short for $3. Hoping for future updates.
Really liked the game but I could not read the text. If it was fixed, I would definitely give 5 stars. HTC Inspire
Really liked the game but I could not read the text. If it was fixed, I would definitely give 5 stars. HTC Inspire
One of the best games out there. Up there with gun bros. And guerillabob. This game is shoot em up zombies, funny storyline and best sound effects.
Fun, but it doesn't *quite* work on my epic 4g: all dialogues show up as solid white blocks :-( That said, it does work - text & all - on my Acer a500
Really awesome game but way short. Just beat story mode in an hour and a half. Survival mode will keep me on it tho.
Fun, but short. Finished story and earned ½ the acheivements same day I downloaded it. Runs great on nook color cm7.
It seems run of the mill. Nothing obviously special about it. Except that you can't seem to put it down. Great use of the Xperia Play controls too.
It seems run of the mill. Nothing obviously special about it. Except that you can't seem to put it down. Great use of the Xperia Play controls too.
It cool but can't read it. The words do come out red & white blocks galaxy
I love groupon! Great way to save money
I like this game a lot. Spend most of my weekends playing this. The only thing I didn't like was when you die in survival it says epic fail, even if your score was good, this upset me greatly and deters me from survival. If you could change this to encouragement I would be very happy.
Very fun game, witty humour like the old school graphics, I would love to buy more half brick games such as monster dash.
When I try to move the character it moves a little or not at all!!!
When I try to move the character it moves a little or not at all!!!
When I try to move the character it moves a little or not at all!!!
Age of zombies 2 please!
This is an awesome game! Add more levels please!
This is an amazing its clean and fast paced does not lag at all and is a very good time waster is in the my top 3 overall apps!! Controls can get frustrating at first but u will eventually get the hang of them
App doesn't open.
i love this game get my day throughout work days
It's an excellent game with good controls, and the story is pretty charming too. Definitely has some replay value, worth every penny ~ Droid Bionic
I hope there's a sequel in the works...
This game is awesome and fun to play, I completed it within a day so I wish they could add some more levels, but otherwise the game is well worth a buy at only 63p!
Its like box head :) ilove it
Epic  :p
I Like this game
Repeat playing all the time
I love this game. It is so much fun! And is with more than a dollar! Buy it! You won't regret it.
Fun and addicting game, great for killing time, and zombies(;
I absolutely love this game. I didn't pay too much attention to the storyline because the gameplay is so fun. You battle zombies using two joysticks controlling your movement and firing. You run around the level killing hordes of zombies while collecting new weapons and grenades. At the end of each unique level you encounter a boss too. The one bad thing about this amazing game is that its short lived. Don't worry its well worth your money. Please update with more levels or add an in-app purchase for more!
I love the survival mode !
Smooth game play, entertaining and hilarious off-beat dialogue and scenarios, just the right balance of satisfying difficulty... Great game.
Nice
Good
Epic.
Epic.
:D
This game is insanely fun. Though I wish there was more to the story mode.
It worked on my play but it doesn't get past level selection on my arc s. Please fix.
You need jetpack joyride for android like litarly we really want it
There is a 2.0.8 version of this game. Why it doesn't appear on Play?
This game runs smoothly with no lag. Killing zombies in this game is pure fun & joy. The weapons are awesome!!!!
The title says it all.
really fun. good graphics. i play it whenever I get bored. I reccomend it! :D
I play this game all day although they could add more levels like moon
some So freaking awesome Im like really addicted
I think that this game is really good. The only thing is that there aren't that many levels, and if there were more this would be my favourite game.
This game is just pure fun. Dual-joystick gameplay is perfect for a phone game, and this game does not disappoint. The story mode can be finished wihin an hour and a half, but the survival mode adds infinite replayability. You really cant beat this, especially at $1.
Great game beat the game in a day
Fun little action game, high quality!
age of zombies is a great game would really recomend it to anyone it has really simple controls as well.
It's an awesome game but way too short
Alex, you can pause the game, the controls are basic and the game itself is awesome. Just wish that we could get the anniversary edition like on the iPhone...
Great game!! :)
Easy fun
that I have played so far, the controls are very good. Endless replay value in survival,  keep coming back to it from time to time.
This is an amazing game! Lots of action and very funny! Would be good if you updated it to put more levels on it :)
My new phone finally supports it! YAY! got a new phone BOOM bought this app right away!  My Favourite Game!
One of the best xperia play supported games if not THE best! Its a funny, fun, action packed, and responsive game. Great job halfbrick!
Literally, its amazing but would be better if it had more levels, Great Graphics highest level on survival is 49000000 :D great app keep it up halfbrick
Great time killer
It was cool
I love the game
The jokes crack me up!
Its very fun and hilarious but i think there should be more game modes and multiplayer would be awesome!
Very addictive.
BOOMSHAKALAKA!!!!!!!!
I have killed a lot of time playing this game. My friends take my phone just to play it. And the survival mode keeps you on the edge of your seat.
Favorite
Omg
Best game on the android market. Funny as hell.
This is an awesome app I have finished the game would be great if there was more new levels
Super funny.
I love all of your games plz put jetpack joyride on the andriod market i would defenitly buy it in a heart beat!!!
This game is really awesome and it has some really cool features to it like the cool guns.
But now its just boss's!
Freakin' awesome!
Epic meow
Shazam!
Brilliant, more levels would have been nice though
Good controls, and a fun game,  but its to short and to easy. More levels please! Def worth buying!
It can be boring after a while with such limited maps and lack of weapons.
This is an amazing game. The graphics are great the story is ok. It is also funny at some parts. Overall its an amazing game.
Best Zombie shooter out! Holy balls! Barry Steakfries.. BEST NAME EVER!! LOL Update for the Hoverboard!!
Best Zombie shooter out! Holy balls! Barry Steakfries.. BEST NAME EVER!! LOL Update for the Hoverboard!!
Really glad I bought this! Sadly I pirated it originally but I had to buy it! Such an awesome game, and even better that it works on my Xperia Play! :D That's 5 stars for HalfBrickStudios. Glad I bought this! At 70c, a steal!
Ditto :-D
The controls on this game are amazing. I usually struggle a lil with virtual d-pads and virtual game buttons, but this game has is figured out. The controls and game play bring me back to the days of Berzerk and Smash TV (did anyone else play that arcade game?). And, oh yeah, ZOMBIES!
An awesome game but very short
Never gets old!
Awesomely fun and entertaining, quality all the way through. Thank you for this!
Best game I everd play I can't stop playing it its really cool!
But sometimes on my galaxy s2 skyrocket the pads don't work
Great game. Satisfying time killer, funny and lame funny dialogue, controls are perfect for on screen, high scores are fun to get. Money well spent.
this game is realy fun especialy for my samsung replenish but its laggy so i dont mind it just great game
Pretty fun lil shooter
I've played loads of different games on Android and out of all of them this game has been on my phone the longest, I never get bored of the smash TV like gameplay, my favorite
Great game with simple humor.
Was awesome on my old droid charge, can't play it correctly on my new galaxy note, really enjoyed the game, fix this and I will come change my rating!
Amazing game, the only thing is there has not been an update in a while and I was really hoping to see some new levels/campaign added.
Controls could be a bit better but this is still one if the best apps! Bring others like the jetpack game!
Add more content plz!!!!
great game but it needs a longer campaign took me less than 20 minutes to finish :/
The hero has a Duke Nukem like sense of humour which adds to the feel of the game. My only criticism is that it's a little short.
Game! Very addicted to it.
It was way worth the 99 cents
I find the dynamic controller to be very innovative since there is no tactile feedback. Many complain about it but it can be turned off.
Great game, interesting sense of humor. Love the controls! I wish all games with virtual joysticks had the option to ''float''   Does get boring after you beat it, and is quite short.
Surprisingly great shooter with an even more surprising sense of humor. Has quickly become one of my top five Android faves. Sequel! SEQUEL!!
Great game, but gets boring after you beat it
Fun to play with sixaxis controller and Tv.
Great boredom killer
Halfbrick. A guy created a Monster Dash app in Android that is fake. Please bring the original Monster Dash to Android!!!
Horrible controls.
Good fun on my xperia s
Please please please make a call of duty zombies style game with upgraded guns and stuff, I would pay like a tenner for that on my phone
Really fun...  Unlimited waves wooooo ... story is way too short though
Probably one out my favorite games ever
Finally works with my s2 after upgrading to ics,  great game
It is agreat game for a while then it gets boring and stuff like that. But it still is a good buy
Works flawlessly on the Motorola Droid RAZR handset and Xoom tablet. Lots of fun with funny humor. Definitely worth the price. Thanks Halfbrick nice work!!!
Worth the price
Really needs new weapons and levels.
Really fun short campaign but survival mode is a blast
Good.
This is a pretty cool game. Really nice
There needs to be more games like this! Super fun and addictive :-D
Just played 3 first lvl and its good so far. Not use to controle for now.
Radical
The best game I ever paid for in the android market
... if you only have a few minutes to do so. Once you start you will feel compelled to beat it. Awesome game with tight controls.
Good
I can go with out a day with this game, this game love it because it looks old school, graphics are not the most awesome but it does look really cool, gameplay can't have enough
This game rocks!download now!
Could use so me extra levels or new challenges!
Very simple shooter that never gets old. Loads of fun.
Nailed the gameplay ... graphicaly pleasing... i like it...
Without a doubt my favourite Android Game
Back to the future meets call of duty meets shaun of the dead! What more could you want!  Hilarious and amazing. A MUST BUY GAME!!!!!!!!
Working great on CM9 ICS Alpha 4 now!
Best game on the market, hopefully there will be updates for more mini-games and an alternate ending
this is the best use of a dollar I've ever decided on...
Very solid game keep it going!
Very addictive game
Great game
Great game, funny, and enjoyable. Too bad there aren't more levels.
It is a great game but I think it needs more levels and a gun shop and upgrades for the guns then this would be the best game ever
Extremely fun game; I now play it more than angry birds.  Clever and visually appealing, deliberately lame dialog.  Acts squirrelly sometimes on Bionic--controls stick, often won't load, pause or exit. Update, please!  And more levels!  Nombrains!
Perfect handling, fun gameplay, great action-movie type of humor but campaign mode is quite short.
Lots of fun, and well built. Perfect humor for all audiences!
Excellent time waster, great implementation of floating controls.
Excellent time waster, great implementation of floating controls.
Anazing game from halfbrick! Period
Decent game design reined by dreadful onscreen joystick controls. Made me want to snap my tablet in two.
This is the best goddamn android game there is.  The story mode is too short, but the survival mode is pretty good anyway.  Just gimmie infinite buzz saw and a zillion zombies and I'm a happy chappy!
Best game on Android
Has kept me busy at work for 2 hours!
One of the best dual stick shooters on android. Great characters, fun story and intuitive controls. We want other halfbrick games on android!
Quick to pick up and a challenge at the same time.  I had so much fun with this game that I played through half of the game in the first sitting.  When is part 2 or the next game by this developer coming out?
This is a great game story and survival :)
A great game which is totally worth 63p. May lag a tad on less powerful devices such as the HTC Wildfire S when there are a lot of enemies on screen.
Awesome!
Idk how you guys got someone as lovable as steakfries but you did and i love you for it! Great app!
Wish they would release their other games on Android because they are awesome.
I enjoyed this game right to the end. The pixel art is sweet and the carnage feels right. The humour is sometimes silly but have some very clever pop culture references. The resident evil joke about the 'master of unlocking' made my day :-)
I enjoyed this game right to the end. The pixel art is sweet and the carnage feels right. The humour is sometimes silly but have some very clever pop culture references. The resident evil joke about the 'master of unlocking' made my day :-)
Blowing up zombies is fufillment I can't describe
Best game for tablets, hands down. Forget Angry Birds, this is always the first application I download.
Great game, pretty cheesy but fun
Lots of fun, but wish there's more levels.. Hilarious level specific sound tidbits
This game is FUN.   Great controls, among the best I've seen on Android. Cheeky dialogue which pokes fun at other games.
If anything it would be great to see more levels. For some reason the market will not let me install this on my Samsung GT-P1000 Tablet, however I sideloaded it and played through the entire game with no issues :)
This is one of the best games I've played on my droid.  its actually pretty funny.
Its quick, its cheese and its super simple. Perfect mind numbing game for someone wanting quick stress relief...oh yeah and a zombie T-rex!!!! OMG OMG OMG LOLZ1111!!!! Pure awesome dudes.
Easy controls, great graphics, very funny dialogue and just addictive gameplay. I finished it in one long, fun sitting. I wished it was longer :-)
Zombies. Shooting. Fun.
Epic game, epic one line sentences :)
Best. Game. Ever
This game rocks --- fantastic action, wit, and zombie dynamics.
The game runs great on my Galaxy Nexus, and is very fun. The controls (after a bit of adjusting in the options) are great.
But a great game otherwise
My favorite game, absolutely love it. Well made and entertaining, a tablet version would be awesome though
The controls are slow to respond and sometimes sticks in one spot.  Its kinda to simple.
It resets all the time i can get more then 30 seconds in the game. I hope that you try to fix this
No more random crashes! Game works like a charm and is fun as balls. Highly recommended!
Loads of fun, pretty responsive controls, reasonable difficulty, and long enough to be worth it. GS2.
but I wish that jetpack joyride was supported on Android phones.... :(
great game, a must have game works on Defy
Age of zombies The best game that's out there and so cheap for a long game I've had for two months and still haven't finished it so good very enjoyable:-D
Ótimo jogo, muito bem feito, divertidíssimo. Muito recomendado. O unico problema é que ele vicia, e é um pouco curto. Será que saem mais fases? :D
Not too hard,  but as Barry Steakfries would say,  blasting zombies never gets old!
Amazing! I love it! Could you please make jetpack joyride now?
Faultless casual gaming from a great developer.
Great game, good graphics. Can get a little repetitive though.
Great game, but it ends pretty soon
Flawless,great pastime
Plenty of weapons to kill thousands of zombies, what else?
I don't remember paying for this app but if I did then it was money well spent. This game is lots of fun, get it.
I don't remember paying for this app but if I did then it was money well spent. This game is lots of fun, get it.
You've been out all day. Now you're home, and fried. You're too tired for a puzzle game. You don't even want to focus on a sitcom plot. What you need is to mindlessly massacre zombies, with just enough humor mixed in to keep it from getting monatanous. That's what this game does perfectly.
Dad-are you going to kill 82 people? Me-no,I am gonna make myself a sandwich
Please fix bug on galaxy nexus.. doesn't allow me to shoot or move at the same time.
This game is awesome and it runs very well
This game is a lot of fun and is good to play in short bursts -- that makes it the perfect game to play while you're taking a dump. By far the best zombie game on the market!
Locks up and restarts on level 2-1. Gs2
This game is by far one of my favorites. Works great on samsung galaxy s II. I recommend it.
Gotta live the zombie games, even more so when they work flawlessly on my Dinc2
So addicting! So much fun, but how are people getting 1billion high scores? I can't even get to 2million. I call hax
Was beast
Very fun top down shooter.
Great gameplay but ends pretty quickly.  It doesn't remember what level you last played and starts you from the beginning after you complete all the levels.
Decent game.
Yes this game good takez my monies. Do u no my puter face? Much like this.	What a mobile game should be.
This game is truly amazing. Lots of fun!
But better
But better
Great game!
Great controls, graphics and a lot of wicked humor. Survival mode makes room for replay value. My wish would be a longer campaign.
Amusing story and fun gameplay
nice!!!"!
But sweet. Wish the story mode was longer. 5 stars for humor.
This is Android gaming nirvana. The only thing I'd change is the numb feeling in my thumbs after playing survival.
Got it for 10 cents but would've paid full price. Super addicting, the "story" mode is short but fun and humorous, survival mode adds a lot more fun!
Very sexy on xperia play.
one of my fav apps so far. the humor is daggy but i love it. only down side is that it can be laggy on my incredible s but its not a deal breaker.
game with awesomely terrible graphics and repetative slaughter sure to satisfy everyone's zombie killing desires.
Overall a good game but need more level. Control easy to use
Overall a good game but need more level. Control easy to use
It's a slaughter of zombies... I only wish it was longer
Got it during the .10e sales. Really fun game, the graphics are lovely and it runs smoothly on my galaxy nexus.
Game play is awesome and the writing is hilarious... Lots of value  and not repetitive
Best game played on my phone after ages.. Instant addiction
But a bit Short. It needs a survival mode unlimited zombies
Really good fun. Nice controls
Works great on my EVO 4g... Good controls... Fast paced.. fun game... Great sounds
Halfbrick remains one of my favorite devs. Charming 32-bit visuals, entertaining dialogue, and frantic, zombie-filled gameplay. Buy this game.
Gest game and controls. Galaxy s2
Just awesome.
hope there is Survival multiplayer I AM ADDICTED :D nid more levels too
However really short game
Soo much fun...
Good game worth the money where is the second one?
Fantastic game! Easily one of the best Android games I've played. Simple controls, good looking and fun.
This game is great. Just wish there were more story levels. Survival mode is fun but not the same. Keep up the good work!
Controls are very good for a top down shooter. Fun game all around.
I like this game lot of fun.
Really fun top - down zombie shooter game.  Nice pixel graphics. Sound is basic, just listen to your own music instead. The controls are very very nic
This is game is fun but short.
most excellent and addictive game, particularly on survival mode.
Good times were had
Fun game.  Loved every level.  Funny too. c:  I loved the ending.  Totally worth it.
awesome game, love the evangelion references
When starting the game... Atrix
Really fun and best game out there for 10 cents! Takes a little while too load tho# htc Thunderbolt
A lot of fun but short.
Great
Simple, fun game with very creative dialogue. Great for when you have a little *puts on sunglasses * time to kill....
I love the Asian level
I have this on a HTC Rezound and neither the Fixed or Floating controls work properly.  Once you lift your finger to throw a grenade you won't be able to regain control of your character until he dies and only if your fingers are down on the control position wether it be fixed or floating when respawn is complete will it work again
Finally works on my ASUS Transformer. Awesome game, played it on PSP a while back.
An excellent game though a little short on the story mode, well worth a download.
But a little short :(
Really good game A++
Awesome!
This is a great fun game, good graphics to.
I love these games, top down, guns blazing, couldn't be better.
Just like on the ipad ;) 5/5
Love it!!!
Fun game, works on galaxy nexus GSM.
Finished the game in less then an hour
Awesome game, would definitely like more apps like this.
Yes, a pretty short game, but lots of fun.
Yes, a pretty short game, but lots of fun.
It's a fun game, but it has a habit of crashing. Worth 5 stars if that gets fixed.
This game is awesome blood and gore and reminds me of total carnage
For ten cents this is a pretty fun and entertaining.
Best game ive played!  Simple and addicting for zombie lovers... Ten cents is a steal
So much fun. The controls take a bit to get used to, but theyre very responsive. Not worth 10 cents, more like $5.
Absolute Carnage!!!!
Beware! Crashes and makes my phone's screen go black and flash and app restarts. Also devours CPU and Battery. Sgs2 beastmod rom
Great game,  lag free on Droid 2 g
Easy controls. Fun. Entertains for hours. so glad I paid 10 cents (just like a Hooker?) I just wish I had more levels. That'd be awesome!!
Great game. Very fun and I love the cheesy humour! :)
Reminds me of boxheads
Endless zombie killing in survival mode.
Its playback value.
Finally got bored with whatever it was doing, if anything, and hit up the home screen. Killed my LWP and keeps killing WiFi until I reboot.
I freakin love this game!
More levels pleeeease!!!! Very enjoyable game. It's a download ya'll. Can't type cause fingers hurt from playing so much. EVO 4G Cyn Mod 7.
Not easy but fun!!
Fun game. When I wanted to play it again, it wouldn't start! It's just a black screen. Fix please!
From the  20 minutes I've played so far, it's 1 of the best shooters on android market.... not to mention only 10¢!
Witty text, good gameplay. Yea, it was short, I paid a dime for it, I cannot complain.
Combo !!!!
Works well with my Sidekick 4G. Action and humor is spot on. 10 cents well spent!
Great game with great player controls. Wish I bought it sooner!
Best game ever droid razr
So much fun :-D
So much fun :-D
I'd be willing to lay down a few more bucks for an add-on :-)
I'd be willing to lay down a few more bucks for an add-on :-)
Can't beat this for a dime.  Runs great on my Evo.
Its really fun! It looks like its going to be a short game, but for 10c its worth it.
Its really fun! It looks like its going to be a short game, but for 10c its worth it.
Pretty fun, runs well on my hp tp
Behaves very smooth and fast on HTC HD2 Leo
Very addictive. HTC EVO 4G 2.3
Great game..perfect quality gameplay for mobile devices. A bunch of levels and being 10 cents today makes it even better.
Best game on the DROID!
Can't believe I only just played this game now. Bloody great! Love how the joysticks move with you. For 10c it's a must buy! My favourite 10c buy!
Wish you could earn extra life in survival buy totaly worth 99¢
Fun, silly and challenging game. You should check it out....I bet you would be hooked too. One of my favs!!!   GREAT WORK!! HTC Sensation 4G
Takes a while to load on htc shift but once its loaded up. Its time to kill some zombies
Takes a while to load on htc shift but once its loaded up. Its time to kill some zombies
Best game for the money
Great fun and runs great on HTC Sensation
With Leaderboards and in game Achievements the Android version is much more superior than the PSN version which has neither of those features!
With Leaderboards and in game Achievements the Android version is much more superior than the PSN version which has neither of those features!
Best game ive played on android thus far... Needs more levels an co-op..
I love the smell of zombie blood in the morning! Great way to "kill" time :)
Kick a$$ but to short
Controls are smooth, visuals are charming, Steakfries is a badass, and it's a blast killing those zombies.
Brilliant but to short. Great game and very funny! Its a shame its so short though! Will there be further levels....? (Galaxy S2)
It's my favourite game
Great Game,Runs Smooth On EVO 4G
using d pad to move and analog to shoot makes this awesome, great game, looking forward for updates and what not :)
This games great!
Game is do much fun a freaking hilarious. As others have said, I would love new levels, but that's just being picky.
It would be nice if they would do seasonal updates a la angry birds but thats being nit picky, as it is this game is bug free and a hilariously good!
Great game on Xperia Play. Good to pass the time on - Can't complain for the price! Nice and smooth visuals to, well polished game.
This game is insanely fun and the one-liners and achievements are even better. I guess I'd rate this game... A 10/10 YYYYYEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHH
and super fun! Well worth purchasing (Nexus S)
The most fun ive had with a game, mobile or otherwise, for some time!
Is survival muiltiplayer
Great game. Very funny. It'd be great  if it  were longer.
A great game berry fun all of guns , blood and zombies.
Funny and enjoyable game. I got heaps of playability out of this.
Funny and enjoyable game. I got heaps of playability out of this.
This game is awesome. The trailer says it all. A really solid title for Xperia play
Cute additive fun. Xoom
The music doesn't seem to work, but the game is brilliant regardless. A must have!
I love AoZ on my Motorola Xoom. Needs to be more levels though.
I demand more levels I play this more than a 12 year old gets on fb ballin game just way to short beat it after the first 3 hours of having it
Great, smooth game play, funny story that didn't take itself too seriously. Worth the cash :D
If only more stages or a sequel were on the way. Not to spoil anything for anyone but the achievement you get for beating this is funny. Hehe
Nothings better then a little zombie killing! plus the graphics are good and good story line
Nothings better then a little zombie killing! plus the graphics are good and good story line
I love this game it is verry fun
Excellent fun. Mindlessly blasting zombies is all a little boy dreams of!
I play this game alot it is soooooooooo much fun and awesome plus survival keeps me busy for a while
What the hell
Funny as heck and a great coffee break game. Love it! New levels please?
This is an amazing game. It's a great idea, really easy to play and very entertaining. Definitely worth the money. Love this game!
Fun gameplay and never gets boring, I wish it was longer
Fun gameplay and never gets boring, I wish it was longer
Best 2 stick shooter ive played on Android by far. Shame the campaign is so short though
Best 2 stick shooter ive played on Android by far. Shame the campaign is so short though
This game is by far my fav game its sooo good
Game, so much fun, 5 stars rated
Favorite game for Android. Need more from you guys! Play siege hero on friends I(wanna be an Android)phone and now I NEED it!
Epicosity ensues. Halfbrick makes quality games. Bionic
Epicosity ensues. Halfbrick makes quality games. Bionic
wowzers its awesome! sgs2
wowzers its awesome! sgs2
This is probably the best I can get for my sensation on here. Could've been cheaper though. Still the most fun game on Android Market. Have to get
Its a fix for all you zombie junkies..weapons are cool..just wished they had unlimited ammunition
Its a fix for all you zombie junkies..weapons are cool..just wished they had unlimited ammunition
Zombie trex
Game rocks! Wish there were more like it..works great on DX2. Needs more levels! Update-- MORE LEVELS PLEASE.HOW HARD CAN IT B 2 MAKE 1 MORE LEVEL?
Great game! But i beat it in about 30 min. Survival mode makesbl the game still playable. I liked the concept, a very simple but FUN game. An update p
Really fun game! More levels pls :)
Really fun game! More levels pls :)
Really fun game! More levels pls :)
Great game, super fun!! I like it all but new levels/updates would make the replay value go way up. Expect to beat the game in about 30-45 mins
Awesome game! Lots of fun and very well made
Awesome game! Lots of fun and very well made
Awesome, had this on Playstation 3 and loved it, glad it's on Android Market : D so go ahead-grab some SteakFries!
Awesome, had this on Playstation 3 and loved it, glad it's on Android Market : D so go ahead-grab some SteakFries!
Awesome, had this on Playstation 3 and loved it, glad it's on Android Market : D so go ahead-grab some SteakFries!
I haven't even played the game. In fact, I can't play the game, thanks to a frozen screen every time I hit play. Plz fix! Captivate Gingerbread
I haven't even played the game. In fact, I can't play the game, thanks to a frozen screen every time I hit play. Plz fix! Captivate Gingerbread
This game rocks! So much fun to shoot zombie cavemen. :-D
Had some trouble getting it to start when I first got it but the game is really cool!
Had some trouble getting it to start when I first got it but the game is really cool!
Easily the best dual stick shooter on Android. Great replayability with simple shooting mechanics. Def worth the purchase.
Really great game. Takes about 45 seconds to load on my EVO 3d unfortunately. But other than that its a very fun game.
Really great game. Takes about 45 seconds to load on my EVO 3d unfortunately. But other than that its a very fun game.
Pretty good overall. The only trouble is level 5.3 boss battle quits to menu screen and cannot be played. ? Can u fix? More please... Droid x
Force Close constantly on Moto Xoom! Real shame as when it does work, it's good fun. Please fix ASAP.
Force Close constantly on Moto Xoom! Real shame as when it does work, it's good fun. Please fix ASAP.
Force Close constantly on Moto Xoom! Real shame as when it does work, it's good fun. Please fix ASAP.
Wish there was an easy way to save the game between devices, but this game rocks!
Awesome game.. I'm lucky enough to have it on a tablet but please note it has stopped working on my mobile which is gingerbread 2.3.4!
D#@$, this is just awesome, my favorite game on my Xoom and Dinc. As a fellow dev, well done. (Applause)
I have this on my pspgo and it was brilliant but its even better on my galaxy s , with better shooting controls then the noob style 4 buttons.Top game
I have this on my pspgo and it was brilliant but its even better on my galaxy s , with better shooting controls then the noob style 4 buttons.Top game
This game is awesome. Well worth the price. Hope to have this on my Galaxy Tab 10.1 soon.
I NEED MORE STEAKFRIES, BRING ME MORE STEAKFRIES! LOL. Seriously though, sequel please!
I NEED MORE STEAKFRIES, BRING ME MORE STEAKFRIES! LOL. Seriously though, sequel please!
I NEED MORE STEAKFRIES, BRING ME MORE STEAKFRIES! LOL. Seriously though, sequel please!
I NEED MORE STEAKFRIES, BRING ME MORE STEAKFRIES! LOL. Seriously though, sequel please!
Download this EVERYONE, story line is short but there are endless waves you can play. Soo much fun!
Download this EVERYONE, story line is short but there are endless waves you can play. Soo much fun!
Download this EVERYONE, story line is short but there are endless waves you can play. Soo much fun!
Download this EVERYONE, story line is short but there are endless waves you can play. Soo much fun!
Download this EVERYONE, story line is short but there are endless waves you can play. Soo much fun!
This game is really really fun and I'm having no problems on my Atrix 4G. It's worth the price!
This game is really really fun and I'm having no problems on my Atrix 4G. It's worth the price!
This game is really really fun and I'm having no problems on my Atrix 4G. It's worth the price!
Awesome, awesome game! Have been playing nonstop, story is short but u can just play survival and keep playing, love this game! Make a part 2 plz. :)
Nothing but a black screen shows on my Nook color. Hopefully you can fix it.
Nothing but a black screen shows on my Nook color. Hopefully you can fix it.
No video displayed on droid 1. I could handle lag due to cpu power. But no video...nope. Can't refund -Beware!!
AWESOME 5 STARS. ADDICTING BUT SHORT CANPAIGN. ADD MORE MAPS/ WEAPONS FOR SURVIVAL PLEASE. (WEAPONS IMPORTANT) ^____^
A little glichy on my epic and short, but still the best game on android by far. Sweet graphics and smooth controls.
Real fun and nice graphics, just want more levels for sure as everyone has said!
game is fun but short. in android v. not have bg sound why? and hope to update more stage.
Fun game but wayyy too short for $3, i finished this in about 30 min
Sooooo much fun! Love it but wish it was longer moree levels!!!!!! As evveryone else said
Awesome! Addicting fun and plays great on my Samsung Galaxy S (rooted). Only one thing could make this game better... Co-op! :-D
Really liked the game but I could not read the text. If it was fixed, I would definitely give 5 stars. HTC Inspire
A little large but can definitely say that halfbrick knows how to make a fantastic game
A little large but can definitely say that halfbrick knows how to make a fantastic game
Best twist ending ever. I almost cried when i found out they were both named barry
One of the best games out there. Up there with gun bros. And guerillabob. This game is shoot em up zombies, funny storyline and best sound effects.
Takes 24 MB of space! By far the largest game on my phone. Does not work with apps2sd in CM7. Dev, please add app2sd!
Takes 24 MB of space! By far the largest game on my phone. Does not work with apps2sd in CM7. Dev, please add app2sd!
Really awesome game but way short. Just beat story mode in an hour and a half. Survival mode will keep me on it tho.
Great game and a lot of fun! HalfBrick should definitely make more games for Android. Nexus S
Killer game! About the best game of this style I've played on Android. Keep the new weapons coming. Love the buzzsaw!
My only qualm is that it was so good, that I blazed through it within a day. Halfbrick should bring more games to Android, because they already have one loyal customer right here.
My only qualm is that it was so good, that I blazed through it within a day. Halfbrick should bring more games to Android, because they already have one loyal customer right here.
Fantastic game. Have to say had to download cracked version to check if it works and it's any good and bought it after 2 min of play ;). Thanks
Excellent! Would it be creepy if I told you I was right across the road from your studio as I write this? (at red rooster). ;)
Works great on Tegra 2 devices and scales great on tablets. Well worth the purchase!
Great game. Played it and then refunded it. Will wait a few days to see if Amazon puts it up as a free app of the day. If not I'll definitely buy it!
Great game. Played it and then refunded it. Will wait a few days to see if Amazon puts it up as a free app of the day. If not I'll definitely buy it!
Been waiting for this game to come to android!! Very fun and polished game!! We need more games like this on the android market!
Best Game Ever. This game is the only good action game on android. Console mini quality! Halfbrick does it again.
It cool but can't read it. The words do come out red & white blocks galaxy
Without a doubt, this is the best game available for android.
Without a doubt, this is the best game available for android.
it works really well and is fun
Works great on Xperia Play. Just get thumb cramp when your move too much though ;(
Works great on Xperia Play. Just get thumb cramp when your move too much though ;(
Works great on Xperia Play. Just get thumb cramp when your move too much though ;(
