Thing constantly runs in the background even when you close it...
I got this just for the weather and clock widgets. Either the clock will lag behind 10-30 minutes and won't update. If you change the skin of the clock them most of the time the minutes part of the clock turns a different color and then I try to change it to something else and it freezes. So I will remove the widget and try to put it back on and it freezes for good with a loading widget screen. The only way to fix it is to uninstall and reinstall. I'm using a gs2 skyrocket. I want a refund......
After the last update both the time and temp will not update on Droid2Global unless I rotate the screen.  My review score for the app has four stars because of this.
If I turn my phone off then on again the wigits disappear and cannot be put back, they're stuck in loading. The only fix I've found is un-in installing BW and the animation plug in, then restating my phone and installing it all again. Please fix this, I do love your app. I'm on a nexus s with android 4.1.1
Non vedo cosa ci sia in più rispetto al Weather del Go Team..risparmiate sti euro se non vi interessano programmi che non fanno quello che promettono.
It hasn't even been a half hour since I downloaded this app and the refund button is gone. I want my money back.	:(
Ok till update about 6 weeks ago on HTC one x. Now time doesn't update in the widgets.
It doesn't rain on your phone like it says. That's what I wanted but apparently I was missing lead. Un happy won't recommend. All it is. Is a weather clock. You can get these free any were.
App is not comparable my butt
Man I can't believe I actually spent money on this crap. It's garbage. I only bought it because I got 25 bucks with my nexus 7 and man do I regret it. The widgets look like some crap some child could make. It's a straight ripoff. I downloaded hd widgets and it's a thousand times better and it's cheaper. Screw you ugly widgets,  you now. How the hell you're one of the top apps on android, I'll never know
Nothing is working, I pick something and says 'current' but then does not appear on my home screen.. Tried re-installing and updating, I'm getting really annoyed, I don't want to uninstall but it won't fix
Won't install. Keeps saying no space although 4GB is available. Won't refund either, not a happy bunny!!!
Time is stuck
From one problem to another. Widget routinely fails to update time and weather.
It is nice but the live weather the sun don't set at it a zack the and rise at it a zack time
The widgets do not work.
This app would be perfect except 4 when i unlock the weather animations it freezes the time and battery mode. Please fix in an update as it is ruining what would be a perfect app.
Worked fine before update. Now it won't load superclock or weather widgets if skin is not standard.
Temperature number cut in half  making it useless once again. And the web site states that it can not be fixed. Read the details before purchasing.. Fyi
The Wiget will not load the skins for weather, clock and battery do show up,  how ever is is coming up the updates need to be fired
Clock is frozen.this might be my fault but o cant get the new skins on my phone
Not working! Now it wont run any super clock widget.. Try to add one and it forever loads but never runs. These days downloading the latest version of apps causes more problems. Its not working.
Since my RAZR updated to I've cream sandwich, it will not display widgets in the menu... Best app before...please fix this...
You would think they would really improve the app with these endless updates, but I have still not seen any imorovement in the constant updates.
Why does a weather app need to know accounts that are in my phone. expescially since I paid for the app. If you already have this app don't update.
Now reports statistics about you & your device.
I have to manually entered my location because it won't automatically follow me. They don't have an email address to report problems you have to use their non-mobile friendly forum. Unacceptable.
Just got a brand new Gnex from Google. I am running jelly bean I have installed the app twice now and the widgets won't show up in my widgets drawer only the settings app to change the skins shows up. Will change to 5 stars once it works again. As a note I didn't have a problem with ICS I think its something with jb
Also slow, does not update clock sometimes. It all started recently. Nexus S, stock JellyBean.
No new widgets appeared after the installation.  Refund.
Clock has stopped working. Doesn't update time unless I restart my phone. Fix it, thanks. Galaxy S2 Android v.4.0.3
I missed an appointment, because  weather app! F 'ing app shut off my phone during the night. When its NOT shutting off phones, it constantly displays a GEOLOCATION DOES NOT EXIST glitch that displays a constant error on your widget and status bar.   After 2nd update, GEOLOCATION DOES NOT EXIST glitch, STILL present. Samsung GS II. FIX THIS $HIT NOW.
Would it be so hard to add a few more options or styles?
Doesn't work on nexus 7!!!! Can't customized!!! Waste of money
Since the last update many things don't work correctly.  In particular, you cannot download any new skins, unless you have previously saved them locally you are going to be stuck with the standard skin. FAIL!
Love this app on my GNex (ICS) but the weather part worked only reluctantly on my N7.  Then I updated and geolocation is completely broken.  Maps and other apps are working normally with the GPS.
Do you guys check to make sure it works before you update this app. The clock freezes and half the skins don't even work.  This app was way better before all the updates.
Good
Good
on Sense 4 the text on smaller home weather is cut off slightly on Sense 4A it's much worse and the conditions icon is on top of the date which is on top of the temperature..
I've logged in,installed toggle skin, and nothing will changw it.I even rebooted and tried again with no success.uninstalled.
the clocks have stopped working for me, when i change it the time updates but them stays at that time, very annoying
Have to manually look for everything. Crap. stupid Message to download that crazy addon n setting needs to be simplified
After the latest update the clock stopped keeping time, with slow widget load times. Please fix.
Didn't like it... waste of money.
Works great no problems yet great app
I have used this app for over a year no probs. Since last up date Geo location stopped working, where ever I go have to manualy update weather? Come on get it sorted please or I'll have to replace this app.
The last update has several issues. The largest being the inability to get new skins due to a server not available error.
Skins are missing, weather says low of 1° and high of 82°, real feel is always showing less than the actual temp, geolocation is wrong, hmmm, what did I pay for again?
Uninstalled, never updates, clock freezes , back to FANCY WIDGETS it works flawlessly!!!
I'm officially done with this app. The widgets freeze up every day randomly. I love the customisation but if it doesnt work, what's the point? PLEASE someone fix this! -Evo lte update 8/4/12- still not fixed. Wtf?
Nexus the update did nothing.weather wiget keeps freezing. The time does not change.
Now with added spyware. On top of this, skins still fail to download even though they take up my data usage. Uninstalled
I am sick of the constant updates. Get your act together!
The time keeps freezing! Fix now!
For widgets?...really
Have my widgets have now stopped working since the last update like the battery one...  Please fix.
LG 3d, super clock freezing most of the time... Too bad, looked nice, wish I could money back...
Did work but the last two updates and now it force closes everytime. Developer must fix NOW !!
When there is a warning or something it doesn't finish the sentence... wtf
Currently 2242 but the clock says 2210. This keeps happening.
My Skins Are STILL Continuously Foreclosing!
Kills your battery!!!!
Doesnt work on razr maxx
The reason why I bought the app was because of the screenshots they provided. However when I opened it up I was disappointed to see that the themes were very poorly made. It was pretty much the same icons over and over again but with different colours. Anyone reading this should save their money and not spend a penny on this. Why this is so highly rated is beyond my understanding.
Worked great for a year and now is horrible. Forces close when you try to change skin.
Sorry but I'm very disappointed, I installed it and it just crashes and forces closes, even worse I can't seem to get a refund. Please fix the crashes and I will re rate.
25 july update broke widget skin. Pls fix.
Why sometimes time getting wrong,  different from smartphone? Very disapointed with it, Im using galaxy s3.
Wont let me edit widgets, wont save when I select. Maybe im doing it wrong? Maybe it just doesn't work on tablet, but if so explanations need to be easier to understand. Need help. At the moment this app sucks!
Stats?  This option should be off by default...
What boring and ugly and unnecessary widgets. This should be free
On skin changes.  Going back to hd widgets.
Attempting to change the clock or weather skin causes the app to crash.  Also keeps asking you if you want to download animations every time you tap the weather. I don't want them but had to install to stop irritating message every time
This thing drains battery. And the weather background blows.
Latest version drains battery by not giving up location search when bad GPS signal... just keeps looking until battery is dead
Was going to update but luckily read the comments first. I will not install an app that phones home by default, that's nothing much more than spyware no matter what you say. Disgusting and unacceptable behavior imo, especially when it's already been paid for.
Over the last couple of weeks out so the time and weather dont refresh. Now I can't change skins, it just crashes!!!! Please fix
Won't update. Location does not exist.
Worest!
Widget won't even load after I changed my weather skin! -_____- Keeps saying "Loading…" ANNOYINGGG
I purchased this app a while ago. The current update totally rendered this app unusable on my android. This is unacceptable!!!  No longer satisfied customer
Forces closes when changing clock and weather widget . If it ain't broke don't fix it. Work ok before update.
1.i cant add cities at all!  2.skin keeps corrupted, all the clock has no background, everything is transparent even i set the transparent to be 0%,plz fix it!!!!
After update, clock can't loading...
Two words.  Anonymous statistics.
Rip off
Batt drain!! Uses 45 percent.
The Clock keeps freezing. Total waste of money. I want it back!
The Clock keeps freezing. Total waste of money. I want it back!
What a rip off!  Dont buy this app. Very disappointed.
There's really nothing # "beautiful" about these widgets. The bar must be set pretty low for this to be so highly rated.
Was working on pics but latest upgrade broke it.  Won't update time or weather.  Used to be one of my fav apps for a long time now I might have to go looking for something else.
Phone keeps freezing and crashing when this is installed and I use the big widget. When uninstalled phone works fine. Using galaxy s2
This app wasn't worth my money. Didn't hold up to my expectations.
Anonymous stats? That are automatically enabled? Screw off. Uninstalled. I paid money for this app and wouldn't have in the first place had this anonymous stats been in it. I don't care if I can opt out. It should be opt in!
battery drainer do not install this widget unless you dont mind about batt life
Fonts are too big. Skins are home made and look it. Live wallpaper is crap. Seems to need a dodgy permission for the useless skin market which I think is just a way to gain full access to your gmail account. There is nothing I like about this app and it was a complete waste of money,  especially as I paid full price for it. Fancy widgets does more for free,  and if you want a paid version with more options use HD Widgets instead.
V
For such a simple use as keeping time this app sucks as the clock keeps stopping.waste of money
$2.79 for an app that suddenly stopped working within one hour of purchase... Great!
"Anonymous" statistics default enabled!!!
Widgets don't work with jelly bean,  especially after a restart. Had to remove widgets.  PLEASE FIX!
Fc every time. Can't change my skin. Won't even let me go to my choices of skins. Worst update. Please fix
Installed it, yet not added to any screen and it's already running in the background taking resources. Sticking with fancy widgets. Uninstalled.
Anonymous statistics should be opt-in, not opt-out.
There brightness widget is the most useful there is. But a recent update broke it. When I toggle off 100%, it turns my screen off. Only way to turn it on again is to hit the power button twice, then unlock.
Everything worked fine before the latest 'fix'. Tried reinstalling but no joy. Need to test releases better.
Uhhhh its saying my home town is 31° and snowing. I live in Arkansas and its 89° and definitely not snowing. Horrible update.
Just spyware now.
Fc constantly WOFTAM
Dev should not presume that ppl are OK with sending usage data from a paid app, be it anonymous or not. I will not be updating this app until data sending is optional.
Stuck on "loading widget." goes to clock skins  whenever I want to go to weather skins. Skin thumbnails doesn't match actual skin. Some skin files are corrupt. Please fix this, I can't even use it at all right now!
After updating to jellybean Widgets disappear after few hours!!
Had this app on my milestone and it worked great. Got a samsung galaxy s II and now skins wont download. Please fix.  5 stars to 1
There is no need for a developer to collect info from this app. Used to be good.
Serait il possible de désactiver le logo météo derrière les temps mini et maxi pour les widget superclock comme cela est disponible sur les widget accueil et petit accueil.  Cela serait parfait.
After uninstall/reinstall and downloading all clock skins AGAIN, I lost them ALL AGAIN. app is still full of bugs. Took me hours and hours to compile my clock skins. Now ALL GONE! UPDATE IS USELESS.
I just bought this about 2 weeks ago and its now basically useless since this update. Can't change anything it I lose it, at least I learned this from the battery icon. I clicked in the next days weather and the link took me to my bank! So happy I bought this. (More sarcasm) just threw away money....thank you!
ALso lose superclock skins, after hours choosing my favorites, and cant redownload spidermans skin, among others, even trying many times. Was fine before update.
Clock and weather are stuck on yesterday. Please help - Samsung Epic 4g touch ICS 4.0.3
since the last update (as of July 25), my widget disappears after a reboot. fortunately, i just need to add it back to have it (all with the previous settings) but it is still annoying.  (Nexus S on 4.1.1)
Dont buy...i bout this app and it doesn't even keep the correct time...a complete waste oof money...very disappointed
Since the update I lost all my skins. please fix this NOW
Lost my clock skins :-(
I didn't believe the latest reviews about the update. Sure enough, I updated, and lost all my clock skins. This is a paid app that wants anonymous statistics, what????? Don't buy unless the fix these problems. How aboot a refund????
Since update,  broke completely.  My skins are gone and weather is cut off horribly no matter what skin I use.  Now looking at other apps.
Since the update I've lost all my downloaded skins. Do you guys test things before you implement them? That was a rhetorical question because I'm sure you don't. It's ok though because I discovered HD Widgets.
Used to be one of my favorite apps. Just updated and lost all clock skins... I have hours and hours of lost time. I check everyday  for new skins. went from 5 to 1 star. Very  disappointed
Since latest update skins deleting themselves!
I payed for this app.
It's now good anymore nothing work can't download any clock skin it's a blank please fix
Collecting information on users for a paid app? I don't pay to be tracked, anonymous or not.
Do you really need statistics (optional or not)! Come on!
Update tells me I have insufficient space to install, however, have over 100mb free.
Skins malfunctioning badly, deletes everything !
Anonymous statistics? Uninstalled.
Use to be great... Now.... Not so much... RAZR maxx
Looks great...  but skins are very buggy and you are lucky if they'll work. And user friendliness could really use some work.
insufficient storage for samsung note. please fix to SD card storage.
In the latest update with anonymous statistics, you can uncheck the box to allow anonymous collection when the program first starts. You think that would work, but it doesn't matter if you tell it no. You still have to go into settings and disable it again. The devs are deceitful and think most people won't check again.
Anonymous stats w/o permission added in latest update? Why?
Widgets fail to load with ICS. Clock sticks and won't recover. Widgets don't work with ICS fonts.
Clock sticks....
It's a great app and has many options but suddenly the clock doesn't update and just freezes?
Boring
Widgets won't work after jelly bean update. Nexus S.
Very buggy on jelly bean
These don't even begin to compare to sense widgets.
No customization options like it promises! It doesn't work, don't waste the money cause they make it a huge pain in 15 mins to get a refund.
Not sure what the deal is but the clock and the weather never updates.
Clock nonfunctional
Temp not updating
Whenever I try to add a wireless widget. Waste of money.
I been using this app for the longest time, but now with the recent updates it's not working, time does not update at all on the clock widgets, uninstaled
Theme's database is full of crappy ugly theme. Regret paying.
The designs of almost all the widgets are not "beautiful" at all. Wish I could get a refund.
Since the new update, it keeps force closing. Way to screw it up!! Uninstalling
Clock freezes & attempts to load for hrs.
Beautiful home widget time gets stuck.
I love what this app does for my IU, but it is consistently the top battery user - even above my screen!!!  Something is wrong with that!!  Look out!
App freezes, doesn't work with Google Weather, and causes settings in Jellybean to crash. Uninstall until developer listens to all these complaints.
Used to be good on my old Evo 4g Shift...on my Evo Design the time doesn't change at all.
Singer of my favorite skins won't load.
Don't buy it.
Too confusing to setup. Didn't give me the temps on my home screen. Just really difficult!
Can't believe the clock freezes and requires reboot.  Please update.  Not worth the .10 i paid
Causes infinite reboots. Avoid til issues are resolved.
This skin isn't working and many other ones. Please I would like this to be fixed. I love this skin and its a shame that it doesn't work correctly.
Use to be great. But now its crap
Can't add a widget to my home screen - crashes - even after reinstall.
Def a major thunder  storm out here  it just says it's cloudy please fix...
This is coming from a guy that has used beautiful widgets with 3 different phones under the same account. I have never found a widget that was satisfying to my liking. When I switched to hd widgets I immediately fell in love. I cannot believe that everyone clampers about beautiful widgets when in reality they are ugly widgets. The money spent on beautiful widgets was absolutely worthless. Even when it came to making a customized widget online.
Waste of money for motorola maxx users. Widget doesnt even show up as an option to use after u download them
Never works and kills my battery
Running jelly Bean, and the widget regularly stops updating. Only works again with a power cycle. kinda gone down hill
This app was fine until update to ics... My god does it destroy the battery now. Put it on your home page and watch the battery meter drop like a fat man who sat down to fast... 4 percent drop in 5 minutes... Take the widget off and the battery levels out... Terrible!
Worked fine for months but now I can't download new skins for the clock or weather.
Doesn't download clock skins with ICS
Since the last update when I click on the weather widget it starts the week with Friday and not what day it is, Sunday. Why would I care to know what the weather was 2 days ago!?? Fix this!
Can't find geolocation name in Jelly Bean.
Don't know what the deal is. Was fine until I rebooted my phone. Now the widget doesn't start, and is always loading.
Weather widget doesn't update no matter what I do. Total waste of money.  I want my money back. Not happy with this purchase.
Most over rated app in the play store. Waste of money. There are like 5 widgets to choose from. The customozations are ugly as hell too.
It's expensive, and the hundred or so skins they promise are all just color variations mostly, most look like PowerPoint themes.
The designs are terrible and the need to download additional software is ridiculous. Don't waste your money. Designs are cheesy and dated. Rip off.
Downloaded skins disappear making this useless for the GS3,  please fix! I miss this widget.
Geolocation doesn't work on SGS3 AT&T version.
This used to work really well. Since mid April it has been locking up the clock. Since I'm not the only one this is a bug. Don't buy til it's fixed.
Works great and easy to customize
Not as quick and easy as it seems... Not as customizable either.. Very complicated interface.. based on a user database, that made their own widgets on a computer. There are free widgets out there that will get you pretty much the same result. Not worth its price..
I got beautiful widgets so I could customize the home screen on my s2, but none of the skins will load. I tried uninstalling and redownloading but still no skins. Use go weather- the skins actually load, living wallpaper is prettier, and gives more detailed weather information.
Running AOKP and Franco kernel and the widgets get stuck on a time and battery level, and won't show the correct info unless deleted and reinstalled on the home screen. Even then, they stop working immediately afterwords.
Samsung Galaxy S3. I bought this and I tried many times to configure based on skins and other settings, but didn't work. Skins no more downloadable. I wouldn't buy it again.
My animations no longer appear after my phone is unlocked. It used to work on my Galaxy S1 but doesn't on my S3.
I had a number of problems with the clock widgets/skins.  The time would lag in the widget despite times properly showing in all other widgets and in the top bar.  The widget would say its loading indefinitely (even after a reboot) until i uninstalled all of the skins.  There are a number of glitches.  Unless you like to spend your money to be frustrated, i would not recommend Beautiful Widgets.
Dont update.
Worked for the first 2 days and looked great, but then the time froze and since then the widget has not been able to load. Very disappointing!
Now the clock freezes multiple times per day. It's 11:36 now and yet the widget is saying 10:45. What gives?
The widgets stop working after some time, the clock stops, the battery widget shows old data etc
Time does not update
Used to be good. Now I can't download certain skins and widget won't appear after reboot. Clock shortcut doesn't seem to work anymore. Uninstalled and reinstalled to try to fix but no luck. Uninstalled until it gets fixed.
Can download Clock skins but its not installing .samsung galaxy S3
The clock doesn't update at random times. It could go hours and it stays on the same time. FIX ASAP!
What's with the new permissions?? I'm getting sick and tired of Devs asking to Discover Known Accounts! You don't need that, and I'm not updating until you go back to the more reasonable permissions you used to use!! Bad move Levelup Studio!! Bad Move....
I've use this app for 2 years, but since the last update the clock doesn't update anymore. I have to refresh weather data to get it synced again. I see many others are having the same problem, so please FIX IT already.  One of the few apps I actually paid for and this is what I get..
Since the last update I have been unable to download skins and the time often doesn't update on the widgets
New update sucks, widget doesn't update!
this app is horrible waste of money dont get.
Wish I had spent the money on bubblegum instead! Where is the beauty part of the Widgets :???,
Please fix. New update for ICS doesn't sound appealing, either.
The last update broke the battery widget...please fix
Love it, but recently it stops updating the Super widget on my home screen like right now the widget says it's 901pm...but it's 913...it'll update soon, but a clock should work like a clock! Galaxy S2
Widgets don't have the proper layout anymore. The devs don't feel the need to supply an email for feedback. Really disappointed in this app lately. So glad I have a backup of a good version, but I want the support and proper updates that I paid for. I suggest pirating previous versions if you want a good experience.
Its a good app but they just wont load! I hope there's an update soon!!
Please fix this! when u fix this i will go back to 5 stars i gave, the widgets look smaller since the last two updates!
I initially liked this app.. But after experiencing the clock freezing over and over again.. I have to give up on it.. Soo annoying.. When the major part of the app is a home screen clock, the developer needs to make sure it works - Galaxy Note
Latest updates screw up fonts and skins...please fix!
I'm done with this app. Half the skins you can't download and half the time the clock is froze. I'm going to HD or fancy Widgets.
After last update, clock freezes after waking up from sleep/locking. Widgets not working also. Was the best until now. Plz fix. SGSII.
Since last update Super clock widget has stopped working. New skins fail to load, and only the standard skin loads. Very poor.
It is only displaying one digit of the current temperature.  Earlier today it was 88 degrees and it just displayed an 8.  Now it is 103 and it is just displaying a 1.  I've tried different skins, including the standard one.  All have the same issue.  Not happy about this.
Some "odd" permissions  ACCOUNTS App allowed to get the LIST OF ACCOUNTS  KNOWN BY PHONE  START @ BOOT Can HAVE ITSELF start @ boot~slows STARTUP & phone by ALWAYS RUNNING  KEEP PHONE FRM SLEEPING  BATTERY Allows MODIFICATION OF COLLECTED BATTERY STATS. "Not for use by NORMAL apps"   (?hiding drain bc of previous permissions?)   CONTRL NEAR FIELD COMMUNICATION tags/cards/readers   APN Can modify Proxy/port & all APN  ***1ST dev statement said permissions required by Google. Removed.   I'm outta here!
Few of the widgets appear in the widget list, despite several restarts. Pretty useless.
The description claims that they honor refund requests up to 24 hours and I requested a refund a few hours after purchasing, but it's been several days and still no refund or response.
Smaller home weather widget not properly displayed!
Weather is inaccurate and geolocation does not update location even though force GPS is being used. Can't even contact the developers. I want my money back. Don't waste your money.
Used to work fine until recently when I couldn't find my downloaded skins under the installed category. Managing with the default skin for now. Please fix.
One of my favourite weather skin says downloading go to it not there paid for these skins never seen so many comments on one app ever
Doesn't work right. Super clocks wont load. Skins aren't downloading. Cm7
Had the paid version for over a year and this is the first time I have had any problems with it. Seems to be all since last update, battery drain seems higher as well :(
So many have bought this..what is happening?  It does not work correctly and hogs the battery.. either make it worth our money that we paid or man up and refund.
Causes instability on a lot of phones. Super clock widget regularly freezes and doesn't update. Junk. Waste of money.
Samsung galaxy S2 at&t.This app is more bad than good for your phone. The clock sometimes gives the wrong time. The weather widget updates when it feels like. When you try to download skins for the widgets, you might get some of them, but the others are no where to be found.
Why do  you need to know what my accounts are? NOT UPDATING. NEED TO REMOVE SOME PERMISSIONS. You suck.
Love the app... I never have major problems other than certain skins will not download for me. It doesn't have push ads which is a plus. I do like the fact that you are adding more girly skins. :) I recommend this to anyone wanting a more customized homepage without the hassle of multiple apps... Keep up the good work! Ok, update.... Wont let me download any skins!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Please fix.. Then I will give 5 stars!
Used ro work great, boke was broken 2 updates ago on my galaxy s2.  will not keep tje right time or date now
After I lock my phone and come back 20min later the clock stays on the same time before I locked it. (Ex) I lock my phone at 4:00pm and unlock it at 5:00pm the widget still shows 4:00pm even tho it's 5:00pm. Please fix the geolocation is still broken. I have a AT&T Galaxy Note. Stock  Edit: still broken 5/30/12  Edit: Still broken 6/22/12
Too complicated and not enough widgets to chose from
Downloaded this because my girlfriend has it on her S2 and love it. On my S1, however this thing does not even work. First it failed to install skins, then after restarting my phone as per the FAQ's suggestion, the widget won't even load. I consider this a complete waste of money and will be contacting google. Don't buy unless you like wasting money.
The theme is no longer working. Please fix it and 5 stars are ahead. :)
These developers are a waste of oxygen
Clock freezes, location freezes since latest update.  Running 3.2
Wow I see you really care about your customers and your product. I have been reporting a force close issue for weeks now and still no fix.  I have droid x and when you try to open weather thru widget it force closes.  I really depend on this app but am ready to uninstall!
To be fair this app f#@#ing sucks it just batters your battery life
4x1 messed up
Please fix force close and not being able to get skins asap. Worth more than one star when working.
When inset the widget on my RAZR Maxx it just sits there and loads without appearing and when it does the time does not change.
Since ics was release this crap hasn't work.
The app no longer functions properly. It's not updating time and it completely disappears from my screen at times. The task widgets also started switching around. Normally I wouldn't complain about an app, but since I paid I felt it gave me a right to.
Last update frozen my sgs2 the new clock dont work fix please!!!!fix!!!!!
Time doesn't update itself like it used to until I restart my launcher.
Sadly, this app used to work on my Galaxy II and now stops updating itself randomly.  The clock and weather freezes.
Since the latest update, it wont install skins anymore and stuck with the default skin...this is sad... please fix it as soon as possible! Thanks!
Love the widgets but they won't update for example my battery is at 50 percent but the beautiful battery says 100 and or clock says 2 when it's 530 please fix this on the evo 3D
This app sucks on my new phone.  -Evo LTE
Accuweather and Google Weather are incredibly inaccurate.
Recent updates have broken this once beloved app on my galaxy s2.  The time and weather no longer update properly.  PLEASE FIX THIS.
isn't working with my razr max. i put the widget on the screen and it's just blank. have to delete the widget to put something else there instead. uninstalling until fixed
I loved this app then they made it suck.  Don't buy
Okay so i have had the application about 2 weeks now and I decided to wait a little while to rate this hoping you would fix the bugs. Well here I sit with an application that's  broke.  Skins are not working on the weather part. The temperature on the top bar is updating sporadically. So you get a poor rating until you fix it.
The newest update keeps freezing the time and battery icon.
Latest updates has been terrible. Fixes one bug to only bring new bugs. Geo location is good, but now my clock widget freezes. Come on guys, step it up.
Clock keeps freezing please fix samsung galaxy s2 i777 on at&t... Don't bother fixing going to ditch this app when I get new samsung galaxy s3 in two weeks app was really good while it lasted thx
Its not working.time weather not updating
Has a lot of bugs, crashes
What the heck how long does it take to get this fixed my clock tells the wrong time and my battery says the wrong percent fix it already galaxy note
Used to be good, after  updates the widget won't even load, making this purchased app useless.cheers guys. "loading home widget"
The clock keeps displaying the wrong time. Please fix!
After last update I can't apply skins or download new skins, I paid for this, and it needs fixing asap.
Even with no Widgets added to any home screen a background process runs. Sloppy/lazy coding gets you one star.
IMO, devs should explain why the app needs the ability to create Bluetooth connections at will.
Too many updates
I paid for this app a year ago. It was great. NOW the time, battery and weather never update. I just installed Fancy Widgets and its working fine. FIX THIS APP!
Expencive for no reason , even if it was free i will not download it. Editors choice????? No comments ! !cant connect to server 2 weeks now!
Getting frustrated with this app...installed skins, standard skins and featured skins won't load into my phone...what good is an app for personalizing your phone when you can't use the tools you're suppose to have available...considering deleting.  Droid Incredible
Nexus s ics
4.10.5: height of the 4x1 weather widget is still too big.  Collides with other widgets still.  Last working version 4.0.5!   Even with the fixes it isn't fixed. Had to roll back to 4.0.5. The 4x1 weather widget got bigger and is overlapping with other widgets now.  Please fix. Samsung Galaxy S2.
My app works fine. But it does not update! The clock shows the same time and the weather is always the same. Only way to update is restart. But then it goes right back to not updating! Please fix this app. It's ruined.
Its stuck. Deleting for good!
After the updates still doesn't work for my galaxy s2. Frame seems to be too small. Please fix, or else it's useless!
This app messed up my phone.
If I download a weather skin it says downloaded but its not really there I've un installed and made no difference please fix
Don't install this I don't understand how its a top paid app there's A LOT of poor ratings and its not for nothing. Absolute waste of money
Is the weather condition dependent on the weather or the time of the phone
Shows incorrect weather information on geolocation or manual. Accuweather and Google, both. AT&T SGS 2 Skyrocket 2.3.6
The downloaded clock skins. First time having that issue ever. Will fix rating after it's done being borked.
Just bought this app for my new razr maxx.... Widgets will not load after restart of phone. I've restarted several times to try and fix. Not happy....!
Just bought this app for my new razr maxx.... Widgets will not load after restart of phone. I've restarted several times to try and fix. Not happy....!
Thought the update had fixed all the problems but just noticed that the Battery Meter is still lagging behind actual battery status.   The widget will say battery is 100% but if you select the widget to view battery details, the battery is at 98%.  Come on guys, how long does it take to fix these things? Continually stating that 'we are looking into the problem' doesn't actually fix the problem!!!  Back to one star until fixed....
The layout is STILL a little jacked up. I've never had the weather icon overlapping my clock background before.  What did the initial update that caused all of this add? Was it worth all these problems? Probably not...
I'm appalled at this lack of support!! This layout issue with the 1x1 widget is a BEAUTIFUL WIDGETS problem! Not a Google problem. I've been running 4.0.4 for months with no problems so please don't blame an update in Android. I think this is a joke and Level Up should be ashamed. 1 star rating on BW and I'll be sure to do the same for Plume if this is the support that can be expected going forward from this developer.
One of the main features being so unreliable for whatever reason is very disappointing.
After last update, text in pull down notifications impossible to read, please change color back!
This app was good when it first came out, now  I cant download any skins and it keeps saying no room on an empty page on a Samsung Galaxy vibrant.
Time, shows incorrect time. Fix please... Doesn't update properly. ICS 4.0.4 please fix.
Doesnt work on moto maxx. Waste of space.
After update this app fails. E4GT 2.3.6
Even with the update, the widget will not load. Very disappointing.
Honestly, do you even test your apps before releasing to the Google shop?  The last couple of months worth of updates have done nothing but test my patience. The superclock skins constantly refuse to work properly, even if I've used the Skin Market to create my own, the widget then either refuses to load the number or widget background, or refuses to display and apply to the screen at all (gets stuck in an endless "loading home widget" loop.  I've cleared the app data, removed all skins, uninstalled the app, removed the BW folders that are stored on the SD card, removed the BW Animation package, rebooted the phone and installed from scratch, but still the same even with the most recent update.  The problems occur whether I'm using the stock Defy Motoblur launcher, ADW Launcher EX or Go Launcher EX.  You seriously need to tighten up your QC testing and perhaps gives users the opportunity to install an older version that *was* working just fine.  I've now gone over to using HD Widgets instead because it's stable and getting a massive update on 7th June.  Utter rubbish.
Thanks for the fc fix but now it eats 70% of my battery!!
The text in my weather on pull down shade is white. It blends in the background and color can't be changed. Nice work fellas. HTC evo 4g gingerbread
Wont load super clock skins or battery skins. Fixed force close but still no skins. Plz fix.
Destroyer of battery life!
Small home widget still have a messed up layout when desktop grid has 5 rows (galaxy s on aokp rom with nova launcher). Have to restore the 4.05 backup.
Update moved the weather icon which now blocks the day, date text in smaller home widget. Update still has messed up layout. Please fix
It won't let me apply a super clock widget or battery or weather. Keeps saying my home screen has no room. And there is clearly room. Please help!
Why not implement better testing before pushing live updates?  I'm now unable to download/apply clock skins.
This app is amazing. With the community sourced skins and proper sorting, I have an array of beautifully designed skins that complement my phone's theme at my disposal. The bonus of having accurate weather updates on the widget and on the notification bar is fantastic. My phone is the Defy, and I've never encountered any problems. The skins and customizable options are beyond anything else on the market. The recent string of negative reviews regarding the 5 timely updates are overreacting and inaccurate.
Rofl, the new icon design is horrible
After all of these updates the 4x 1 widget layout is still messed up
V 4.05.1 works, V 4.10.? or intervening introduced defect, V 4.10.2 did not fix this, V 4.10.3 did not fix this, V 4.10.4 did not fix this. Superclock 4x1 widget no room on any page. This widget like all others I have tried appears distorted in some way and none fit on any page. 4x1 tries to display 2 large white background opaque columns running from top to bottom of screen with clock hr vertically centered in left and minutes in next with one more somewhat transparent dark grey column to right filling remainder of screen.   Comments below as of v4.10.2  Using stock not rooted ATT Samsung Captivate SGH-I897  . Have been using BW successfully and happily since Jan 2011 but now since multiple updates several days ago cannot open any size widget on any page including empty pages. For example Beautiful SuperClock 4x2 will not open even on an empty page. The skeletal outline of the requested 4x2 widget looks to be at least 4x3 as BW attempts to open page by page failing on all. Superclock 2x1 attempts to open with a skeleton that looks like 1x5 on center of screen running from top to bottom with hour vertically centered in one half column and minute in other.     .
Update screwed up the 4x1 weather,  its now too big and overlaps the icons below it. PLEASE FIX!!!
Sucks
This new update REALLY FOOBAR'D my widget layout.  Great app/widget until this!! PLEASE fix-  Latest update did not fix widget...
Was perfect until update but now rubbish and doesn't work! Only app I have ever paid for too. Huh!!
Will not allow me to access any skins and temperature has been off. Please fix!
Sorry beautiful widgets! U where great on old phone but its been over three weeks...
Is wrong!...
You need to fix this now! It was working great up until recently and now I can't even open the program, even with the latest update.
Constantly force close. I love this app, please fix.
Would give 0 if could, use to be 5 what happened?
Newest version(s) on Galaxy Note stock ICS with apex launcher. It used to be okay, now I check the time and it stuck 3-4 hours ago. Happens a couple of times each day... Only way I found to fix it is to restart the launcher. Could it be the launcher? I suspect bw because I haven't updated the launcher lately.
The 1x1 weather widget only shows 1 digit for the current temperature. It had worked prior to the recent updates.
Used to be good but each new release breaks something else.
The home weather doesn't support the galaxy note screen unfortunately I was really looking forward to a weather widget that finally supported my galaxy note but guess I'll have to stick to accuweathers widget =[
Force closes often. Uses a lot of ram.
And there's no option for a refund after uninstalling even though I have only tried to make it work for less than 24 hours after purchase and download.
Most recent update has left it useless. Force closes immediately. Please fix!
Please fix
I have used this app for years and have loved it, until yesterday when it updates and will no longer give me my clock. When I go to configure the widget it now wants me to pick a program to run it and scrolls through all my apps, the same thing windows does when it doesn't have a program to run an app. Word of advice, windows has never run smoothly, don't copy it. Please fix this PDQ, I don't want to move on. Droid2 Global.
If you updated your Asus transformer to 4.0 last February, beautiful widgets crashes  your home screen and makes it blank (except for your background). If Asus transformer owners really want a good weather widget, an alternative is fancy widgets.  Fix this and I will use BW again
The clock time doesn't update while using some skins....unfortunately all of my favorite skins!!! I never had this problem until recently. ;( galaxy s 4g
None of the widgets work , it wont load , after the last update , please FIX AND DONT TOUCH IT AGAIN !!!
I'm about to uninstall. It's been a great app for two years then BAM this update and geolocation is broken. I've tried restarting and nothing. Disappointing...
Can no longer get any of the skins. Had to reload app now stuck with standard clock.
Can't even open it. What a waste of money.
Love it, other than the recent FCs. Please fix.
After update program  icons are spaced weird. Error not enough space to load widget on blank screens
Says skins are download that aren't... Some don't show up in the list. Was great before the issues.
Problems with this as other users are reporting, was perfect before, but now can't apply weather skins and on the weather 4x1 widget the icons are really small, in fact if they were any smaller I wouldn't be able to see them, for the time being stay away from this app, been messed right up, spend your money on Titanium backup instead, easy then to restore apps when devs like this mess them up. Galaxy S2 ICS 4.0.4 with apex launcher.
Was amazing until the last few updates. Now everything overlaps and the clock doesn't even work. Nexus s
UPDATE THE FONT OR REFUND MY PURCHASE !
Still force closing on my Samsung galaxy s2
Rubbish does not work on Galaxy S2
Time does not update, and widgets become unresponsive. Please fix for galaxy nexus
Last few updates have caused tons of force closes and glitches, please fix then will be 5 stars again
Last few updates have caused tons of force closes and glitches, please fix then will be 5 stars again
Since update. Force closes trying to download weather or time themes. Samsung Galaxy S2 and Samsung Tab 2 10.1. Please fix.
Installed  two times on Samsung Infuse. Wont work on phone. Settings all done again and again. Just wont work on homescreen at all.
never locates me correctly anymore. this app used to be great! not anymore. Hd widgets is a better app
Update many times but force close didnt fixed
Still screwed up on HTC AMAZE...
this app stop working after the update and this sucks. now i have to take the widgets off cause they will not work right
Justed updated and it still not working. Foreclose supposed to been fixed guys. Let's get it together.
This was a pretty good app, but recently you can't access the clock and weather skins. These developers need to fix this problem asap!! I paid money for this app is in the way right now... What a let down
Says I have no room for a 1x1 widget on an empty screen. Using Samsung Spica. Please fix.
The 1x1 weather widget now only shows one digit for the temperature.
Worked before your last Update .. can't add widgets
Also have a tmobile galaxy s2 and this doesn't work anymore. Continuous force close...... Disappointed
FC when I try to go to settings to change clock.
Worked fine until latest update. Dudes, you really trashed this thing (at least as far as Samsung goes)! Your update "fix" on 6/1 has accomplished nothing! Still will not load the app and force closes. You obviously really bent something and turned a nice app to a pile of junk!
Problems with clock and weather widgets. The the program is too good for them not to fix it! I wont share until fixed
T989 Force Close... Everything was fine before last updates...
Was working perfectly for Galaxy S2 until the update came out. Force closes all the time.
Update did not fix force close onSamsung Galaxy S2. My God, program was great til you went and updated and broke it
Been working fine for ever and come end of may won't work. Keeps saying can't find gelocation. Tried a dozen combos with my cities. Without etc. By City it works but it stays in Vancouver when i travel around canada
Susah la.  Rugi beli
Love this app, but forces close now after 5/29/2012 update. Please fixx!!!!!   Galaxy S 2
After update my wifi toggle widget does not work.
Same as everyone else. fc when I try to change skins.
No options developement.
Since the new update it will not let me use any of the clocks will update when fixed this was my favorite app until the update
With update the widget is now all out of proportion ! Fix !
I should have read user comments before update. Last update is broken. Force closing after update.
It used to work now just force closes whenever you try to change anything.  Pretty crappy for a paid app.
The updates have not fixed the problem of crashing when trying to get more skins on the Galaxy S2.
Most recent update has crippled this app.  Sizing is messed up . FC when accessing skins . This app was great at one time . Now broken .
But with the past two releases, clocks did not update times. And now even worse, removed widget, added back, and it just shows the loading symbol.  Galaxy Nexus...the fact that all the galaxy s/nex issues are present can't be good for a dev as Samsung is the highest selling android manufacturer...
Since the update my clock doesn't update.  Stock Samsung skyrocket
Since the update the other day it won't resize properly using Nova Launcher. Please fix.
The update made the widgets unable to load. Sgs2
The latest update crashes whenever I try to open the app.  SG2
The latest update has made things worse. Cannot even open the app.  Force closes every time.
Foreclosing
As others have stated, skins are not accessible.
Keeps force closing after today's update. I'll back to 5 Stars after it gets fixed
Ever since today's update it force closes when I go to skins.
After recent updates I can't use any widgets, I get a 'Widget Too Large' error, even for the battery widget. SE Xperia X10 Mini Pro
Wont work
Worked for ages, now doesn't.... GS2.... Fix
Since the last update, I cannot personalize my widget :(
4x1 and Smaller Home have shrunk so they do not entire fill the screen horizontally. FCs when trying to pick a skin. Terrible update, please fix this :( I loved these Widgets :( :(
Everytime i choose clock skin on galaxy s2 the app crashes, please fix this problem, problem persists dince the may 29 update
Since update I can't get it to open. Force closes when trying to get skins. Please fix, galaxy s2
Small 1x1 widget not working now
Was great and working fine. I had the 1x1 weather widget in my dock on Apex Launcher but after last update it cuts off part of the temperature.
4x1 super home
Not working at all!
The widget went from 4x2 to 3x2... cutting part of it off and smashing part of it together!! Needs to be fixed ASAP!! WORKED FINE UPDATE!
The app doesn't work after the latest update
The 4.1 update does not show the clock/time on the Super clock widgets!  Just shows the current weather.
Ruined scaling of widgets.
New update messed up the clock makes it really small on 4*2 mood. don't update!  When will they stop making updates that suck..?.
everytime i click the weather it asks me to download another stupid application for animations. Seriously, give me the option to SAY NO PERMANENTLY instead of asking me if i want to download it EVERY TIME i click to open the weather.
I don't see why i would extend any permissions for WIDGETS for sharing... wtf would i want to share anyways?! Too many permissions for too little gain. Denied. Stop overengineering stuff!
Force closes when trying to launch. fix and you'll get 5 stars
GPS locator they claim is fixed still doesn't work.   Droid Bionic
...that I will never update again... remove NFC and stop useless updates that brake the little use this app has!!
Tells me widget is loading... It's been 4 hours now! Still nothing but a box telling me it's still loading... JUNK UPDATE! FIX THIS!
Widget does not load clock anymore, just weather.
After the last update, the clock will now freeze. Used to work just fine.
Widgets are broken on Asus Transformer Prime after the recent update
it was supposed to fix a freeze issue i never had and instead added a crashing issue i never had before.
Kept closing waste of money.
Update sucks
Force closed after update. Please fix
Makes all the 4x1 widgets on the home screen take up a 2x1 area. Droid 3.
Geolocation still not working!!!! HTC Desire. Testing anyone?
Sizes are not labeled correctly, there is no 4/2 or 4/1
Dissapointing.
Sucks
Why does it need discover known accounts?
I tried a lot skins none of them are very beautiful with the theme I got going on, too late to refund.
The skin wont change. Help?
A lot of consuming battery issues!
Do not buy this, my phone stopped displaying the widget properly or the developer has intentionally changed it, the clock displays in black color instead of white which makes or look horribly ugly, please update the app back to original as you ruined it, hope you haven't ruined it pin purpose as another similar product is out which buyers like myself have to part for again
Widgets were not available.  All instructions were followed.
For some reason BW cannot locate my position to hive me the current weather. Very disappointing.
For some reason BW cannot locate my position to hive me the current weather. Very disappointing.
Love this widget but it completely stopped working!
The menu and settings are so cluttered and broken that it makes it a displeasure to customize. I go into settings where it tells me I can't access settings from there. Instead, I'm told I have to go to the weather settings to change the settings for the clock.
Something went wrong with this release. The clock refuses to update automatically.
Poor workmanship
Nothing spectacular.
This app is buggy at times. Phone will go hours without updating weather with interval set at one hour.
Nice app but sucks too much juice. Uninstall.
Doesn't work at all on the motorola razr. Just fills the screen with a placeholder "widget" (it's transparent). Don't buy if you have the razr!
The only widget I use is the battery widget. It is usually about 3% off. Sometimes up to 20% off. So inaccurate it's ridiculous.
It says its thunderstorming but its a clear day not a cloud in the sky high and low are never ture doesn't matter wut weather service ur using sucks waste of money
Themes are average looking
Used to love it.  Unfortunately the 4x1 weather widget is a 4x2 and will no longer fit on my home page.
Clock no longer updates total shite
Ever since last update then clock just stopped and I can't add I new one it just isn't there to add
I'm mot amuse or exstatic over this app
Droid razr maxx I can't see the widgets except for the 1x4 super clock.
Can't load the widgets...my screen just says "loading" and nothing happens...waste of my money and my precious time. Sick of Android problems...switching to iPhone first chance I get.
Change APN?  Write global system settings?  No, thanks. Just serve me weather info, dont mess with my device.
I installed it on my new 4G Motorola Razor and within a day it would not appear. Tried to reinstall but it does not appaer.  You can actually hold your finger on the spot and drag it to the trash, so it is there but it is inevitable.  Weird.
Until the previous update, everything worked great. Since then, geolocation keeps telling me that I'm in karachi, pakistan, and not Cambridge, England. This messes up other geolocation apps so I'm left with no option other than uninstallation.
Don't waste ur money
This App has been a disaster for couple of weeks now. No theme market and 0 temperature.
Might as well just download free widgets instead.... It's almost a joke to buy this app.
The weather Widgets get stuck on "66 degrees and overcast. "Its been like this for days. And since I live in Florida, and it's the middle of April,obviously this is very wrong .
Still has location issues and the toggle switches won't even load.
No right size widget for note. Not able to have a full screen weather forecast. Worked great for my SGS2 but unfortunately not note.
Geolocation bug fix gave me a geolocation error I didn't have before. Now unusable so i've uninstalled.
Won't download any skins
The widgets look awesome but the clock does not keep time. It randomly refreshes every 2-4 hours and is very annoying considering I paid for this app....
This app is a P.O.S.  Weather does not work and  A pop up comes up constantly telling me geolicator is not working.   They refuse to refund.   Don't waste your money.
So how many updates have been released and u STILL can't pull it together?!? I haven't updated for four/five updates bc of the comments and errors
Doesn't work. Don't bother buying it.
The widget is ok, but definitely not worth 2 euros... Much better widgets are available for free!
Can't get it to work
I tried using a regular click skin and it won't let me, it only works with the super clock skins!
Useless.. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.. There are many other better apps out there in the market than this stupid one.. SGS 2
Toggle widget always got force  close problem. Please fix this !!! Thanks
Used to work fine.   Now weather and time dont update.   Have the same issue on both my nexus s and transformer Prime.   Fix this please.   Very annoying.
For and entry level phone its getting too big and too much
Widgets will not load after updates
Now worse thanEVER, waste of money worthless  garbage
I am on ICS. Everything was great on Android 3.2. Once I updated to 4.04, I cannot longer access the settings of this app.   I will update my review once it works again.
Bloatware
Ugraded to new version and weather does not work. Geolocation not supported and even if I specify my location I get nothing but zeroes for temp wind etc. And no email for devs to address problems. Was very satisfied until the update.
I've used BW for about 2 years. I use the geolocation features but since version 4+ these have become very buggy. Each update intended to fix geolocation bugs seems to be making matters worse. It's unclear who maintains BW these days but quality is declining rapidly. In the latest version (4.05) the location never updates and if it does I seem to frequently be in a location called "null".This is beyond user error, it's buggy code. I installed Fancy Widget as a sanity check and it updates correctly and always gets location correct using the same provider. I've uninstalled/reinstalled deleted caches etc.  Really getting a bit fed up with updates that allegedly are going to fix the problems. C'mon guys. Sort it out. It really did used to be great.  SGS2 with Samsung released ICS
Will not work properly on my Samsung S2 galaxy... Waste of money... Do not buy!
If the app needs a animation addon, why not make it part of the app to begin with instead of bugging me every time I click on weather. And if its optional, stop asking again and again, or at least give me an option to turn it off.
I downloaded this on my Galaxy Tab, tried it, didn't like it and tried to uninstall it literally 1 minute later. There was no refund option like there usually is, only an uninstall option.
I've tried to update and it keeps giving me an error message....WTF!!!!!
I had so many issues with this. It wouldn't let me check the weather then an annoying notification kept popping up because there was a problem with the geography. I'm not very happy I paid so much for this.
Widgets do not show up in the app drawer along with other widgets.
You cannot turn off the animated clouds when u unlock the screen... highly annoying.  Will not be using this app. SGS2
Geolocation is broken still
use to be 5 star until new permission comes out...  the new commission is to discover known accounts. there is absolutely no reason for this application to be doing this. This is a scam. It is stealing information.  protect yourself by deleting this app at once.
App doesn't even work for the weather.  It can't find my location
When I try and update it says error 403.    G2x
Makes my phone laggy.. Regretted buying
Waste money
Lots of problems with last update, geolocation and problems loading :-( please fix
Fonts, colors, and customizations are weak. Prefer HD Widgets as an alternative and far cleaner looking choice. Makes me wonder what the editor's were comparing it to if this is their best choice.
Multiple updates later and this app is still broken. Used to be a favorite now it sucks. don't install. Geolocation errors abound.
Droid Razr , says purchased, error when installing.cleared cache, same thing.Ideas?
Awesome! Really great widgets with great updates!
Aaaawwwwwsssssooooooommmmmmmeeeee
Keeps telling me to disable location settings, but that's not possible. Searching ways to contact developer, but not in app's menu. Big zero for me.
Please provide option to show location time for each city in weather skin.  This way the app will serve as both weather and world clock. Thank you
To many permissions needed.
Geolocation error since update please fix wat the fock
Geolocation problem. Please fix  Motorola electrify
I want my money back!!!!!
Keeps getting geolocation problem  location does not exist
Does not let you update because apparently you did not paid. Full of s**t
Will not update!!! Error 403
It can't find where I am says I don't exist but Google maps knows where I am and so does hd widgets.. It worked before the update! SGS2
I started getting a bunch of geolocation errors and they are super annoying.
Smaller home widget's clock does not run in MIUI v4 ICS on SGS2. Tried Go Launcher EX and Apex Launcher and neither helps. So far cannot determine if weather details are syncing. Paid version!
'' we are working on a fix '' that is all I get
Please fix this Geolocation error on the Samsung galaxy s2! Otherwise a great app
I was looking forward to using this app after reading so many positive reviews but I've found it very tacky and didn't like ANY of the skins. To be fair I just want to uninstall it. Waste of money.
Fc all the time when I am trying to install a simple setting's widget.. n the designs on those clocks are ugly.
Tried on many devices, just gets "we are trying to fix this" and a blank screen and no refund, do not buy
Absolutely rubbish, doesn't even work properly
Battery widget does not update itself. After multiple updates, this still has not been addressed? Garbage app.
geolocation does not work on my galaxy s2 wth how do i get a refund it looks cool but i feel left out :/
I heard good things about this app so I decided to purchase it my first paid app ever & it sucks, can't get it to do anything keep trying to put in my email & I get an server error can't get the widgets I pick to appear it's horrible. I had free version of another app & it was simple I clicked & it popped up like it was suppose to no extra steps nothing confusing & FREE
Time is not getting updated in ICS galaxy s2
I have purchased this app based on Editor's Choise. How Editors selected this app as their choice. My only use is toggle widgets. Unfortunately Levelup developers do not know how to create working toggle widget for Mobile Data. As this is not working there is no use. Request Level Up studio to create proper widget for mobile data.
Works flawlessly on galaxy nexus (4.0.2) but the time on "superclock" never updates on my transformer prime (4.0.3) tried everything in settings to fix with no luck, removed and re-added widget which works for an hour or so then back to square 1. Wouldn't have rated it so badly if i could simply contact the developer to let them no but all i can do is go to a discussion page on there website which is annoying to say the least!
Other widgets cost less, look better, and are easier to configure. Skip this one.
Since lst update no matter wot clock skin I choose every half hr the app will lose my settings and revert back 2 the default settings and standard skin, this app has been the best weather app 4 the lst 12mths but not any more come on developer sort it out
Cant install
It WAS great but refuses to update weather correctly. Had I known they were going to make their program non-functional I wouldn't have bought it...
Samsung S2
Really frustrated with this app now. Worked perfectly til it updated & now it says geolocation doesn't exist & can't get it to work. Motorola Electrify
Crashes Wont let me refund
Ever since the update, it won't synch anymore :(
Hasn't worked since I've updated it. It's getting really annoying. This application is unusable for my phone now. :'( pleaasssee fix it.
I hate it when new updates just make it unusable! Come on when are gonna fix this? Nexus s and samsung gs 2
Incompatible with my Gnex. No widgets actually install.
I like everything about this app, except it tells me there are thousands of skins and walls to choose from in the skin market...been trying for 3 days and all it says is server not available. Am I just being stupid and missing something?
Awesome apparently :)
Awesome apparently :)
Enough with the crashing already! Rage-uninstall and hate-rate from 5 to 1.
Geolocation is not working on my Galaxy Note. I want my money back.
I loved this app before the last updates. Geolocation doesn't work now. Pretty much makes the weather portion useless. I guess I'll try fancy widgets. Get it fixed and I'll come back.
Seriously!? I've been using for over a year and loved it until recently. You guys broke it with this last update! Geolocation still not fixed have even after two weeks of people complaining about it. Plus,  downloaded skins are gone. What interest world were you thinking? Uninstalling. This is ridiculous!
Geolocation still not fixed, despite reports that it has
Have not fixed geo. issue!!      please fix
Waste of money
Waste of money
I.e.: if I choose short date I want to choose how it is displayed (yyyy/mm/dd). I also want an option to let me choose how the time is displayed: short (0:01) or full (00:01).
Doesnt give accurate weather. Works sometimes. Other times it does not work.
Constantly says that the server is unavailable. Test before updating please
Crap adds
O relógio sempre para. Geo-location não funciona bem.
Not happy with new update done on Mar 22 2012.  Keeps coming up geo location not happy . Liked the apps will now be uninstalling software
When I try to download it get an error message : "beautiful widgets could not be downloaded due to an error. (403)".  I've purchased the application and had it installed in the past.  This is the only app I can't download.
It's always saying server failed.  The way it was before was better.
Weather doesn't work anymore..... I want my money back!!!!!
Please FIX THE GEOLOCATION ERROR!!!  This has been happening for a couple of weeks now!!!
Began updating and stopped... Said I haven't purchased it yet. WTF?!?!?!
Three attempts to get location right on all phones tut tut. Come on developer your better than this sort it please.
After installing this on my rezound htc sense crashed and personalize crashed.  Restart phone to see if it fixes it too see a blank screen because sense wont start. I got into settings via notification bar and uninstalled this thing. Everything's back to normal now. Dumb app.  HTC Rezound 4.0.3 cleanrom
You don't have to be paronoid to be worried by the new permissions requested in the update... !!!!!
yes, way too many updates.
It says purchased but I haven't purchased it.
Geolocation broken! Drains the battery! HTC Incredible S
This application used to be great but now since the update the live wallpaper disentangle work!!!  It says now you have to have an open GL... how I do that...I don't know!!!  Fix it and it'll be back to a five!!!
Geolocation still broken. How can you say it's fixed when it most definitely isn't?
Worked fine till recent update. Stock geolocation weather works just fine and wht the f*** is up with that annoying notification that keeps popping up even though I've already acknowledged it. It's looking Grim for your app these days! Thankyou Titanium restore for temperature correction although geolocation is still f***ed up from the last update.
Clock freezes on a time until I refresh the weather, but then it freezes again. Droidx2
Unnecessary and will not update until removed
ive had this almost a year and it works almost all the time until just recently when you guys updated and the geo locater is all f***** up and it will not load + my skins are noy loading
Do not buy this crap
Alarm never works. I missed class cause of this force close!
If I would have paid full price for this app, I would be mad. I keep trying it and going back to the weather channel app.
Please fix the Geolocation!
Was an awsome app until it got updated. Hopefully a solution is to come.
Was 5 stars. Can't select rotate toggle widget on current VZW Nexus stock but current.  Fix please!
So overrated....
Geolocation still does not work dell streak
Clock constantly freezing on my Galaxy S2. Utterly unacceptable for a paid app. Should be able to avoid crashing when using task managers.
new update  still broke even after latest  update
Remember requesting for this many moons ago for Galaxy Note. Getting a bit tired of waiting.
Geolocation doesn't work and keep warning me, it's ignoring!!! Pls fix it soon.
The app says it saves and applies my battery widget, and clock settings, but does nothing in actuality. I want a refund. If this actually worked, I would give it 5 stars, because you can change a lot of the themes, really cool, but I want my money back.
Location does not exist.   Lets it together now. Five stars when its fixed.-Motorola Triumph
Geo problems
Update did not fix the geolocation bug and the error is so obnoxious that I removed the app.
Can't decode gps location ever since ICS update.
I hate this app....  does nothing new that my phone already has and doesn't offer rebate
Geolocation broken. One star and uninstalling until this is fixed. Using my touch 4G slide.
Fix the geolocation problem already! This is ridiculous!
Full of adverts. Not what you expect from a payed app.
i m current using galaxy nexus ICS 4.0.2 happy but your latest update ruined the apps
Too expensive for the added value. Other apps do the same for free .
Nuisance Geolocation msgs plus it's kaput. Had enough, uninstalling.
Geo errors since update galaxy S
FC on com.levelup.beautifulwidgets ZTE Blade SSr6
Major memory hog. No GPS or wifi hotspot toggles. App is outdated compared to others. Developer flippant when emailed. Don't buy!
Useless software. There are lots of free alternatives
Was cool before latest update now geolocation don't work and clock won't keep correct time!  Error messages saying Beautiful  Widgets stopped working, force close! :(
Killing my battery.. DroidX Geolocation not working with last update. Worked fine before. Please fix.
Fix it pls
Now if you use accuweather and open up the 5 day version you get an advert!
DROID X - Weather is not working - Geolocation is not working. Please fix soon!!!
Uninstalling.
Won't locate me via geo location. Worked fine up till last update.
Weather doesn't work since the update.
Must have updated the app because I get an issue saying location doesn't exist that's so bad that I have to uninstall it. Please fix.
Why is it saying that I can't update it until I purchase it. What is this garbage?!
Won't let u have more than one location for weather.
What the heck is that all about - what's the justification for this garbage.  How many things does this app has to know.  Way to much for my taste.  1 star until fixed.  And please - accounts needed to be known for skins?.  There must be a better way
I have an new Acer iconia and it will not show the correct/current weather. I paid for real weather, not fake animations. It worked for 1/2 a day then updated and nothing. Waste of my money and such a disappointment.
Everything looks the same! There was no update, just taking up unnecessary space!! >:-|
Please up date to move to sd card would be helpful.
Yes the geolocation now sucks!!!
Weather isn't accurate... doesn't update.
These widgets look as if they were made using windows 95 paintbrush.  Any stock widget will look way better than these cheap bad looking widgets.
New update totally ruined the skins display/temperature. Ubsolutely atrocious look.
UPDATE BROKE IT, PLEASE FIX.
Not happy with this at all.  Been trying to make it work since I bought it, no go.  Requesting refund.
App was good before update broke it.
Geolocation broken after last update, please fix it ASAP. Still broken after new update.
Why don't u test ur s-- t before u release updates. U shouldn't charge $ until it works.
Geolocation is busted; G2
After all of the reported issues with Geo location NOT working, I'll wait for a fix before I update!
Contrary to the likely fake comments, Geolocation still does not work.
Still has Geolocation problem.
Geolocation problems. Fix this!!
Don't buy app it cant find your location anymore waste of money
Can't configure super clock widgets with battery anymore. Clock does not keep correct time, and weather not refreshing. Update no good.
Geolocation is not working.... Until fixed I'll give it 1 star...
loved this app.. new update says it's night.. it's afternoon.. please fix asap
Weather doesn't work after update!!
This would be a 5-star rating before update to version 4 on my Galaxy Nexus.  Now, the repaint of the home screen on which the widget is located after exiting applications is extremely slow.  Remove the widget, and the repaint is fast again.  I hate to see it go, but go it will.
Data toggle no longer works after update.
I don't like the new permissions. I'll probably uninstall unless they're changed since I like the update all button. Shame, though, I liked this app.
Geolocation is all screwed up now.   Please fix
What gives!? Geolocations not working in the Thunderbolt :(
It was good until the latest update now the geolocation is broken
I keep getting a geolocation error. I was wondering if it was compatability with ICS but it seems that others are having the same issue. Please fix, such a great run to leave it as is.
No longer allows me to manually enter my location...requires gps.  This is a huge privacy issue.  Fancy Widgets allows this freedom.
Working fine until this update, Droid x
The FREE VERSION from getjar worked great! The paid version, not so much!!
not updating. why you need to know my accounts?!
It no longer shows my location!!! Please fix asap!!!
It will no longer show my area it shows "N/A" please fix!!
Ugly tasteless widgets Not so beautiful after all Looks like a very cheap rip off from the HTC design. Regretting buying it even though it was on sale.
icon done messed everything up!
Glad they fixed the geocoder problem that showed state and zip code on location.
I have loved thus app from day one but after update razr won't display widget just don't work right now
Fix geolocation or how do you turn it off!!!!
Last update on march 14 shows a fully sunny day with 0° temp (both high and low) for today and the next five days.  It is currently raining here and will continue raining for the next ten days according to TV news (this is Seattle, WA).
Update prevents me from adding any widgets, which kind renders this app useless to me. Please fix. SGS2
Fix geolocation! Broken since last update!
Was perfect before update why change it now it cant update my weather new options cool new update crap
Before the update I didn't have to have my google location on for the geolocation to work. Now I do. I do not want google knowing where I am.. Restore Be back to the way it was!
Went from flawless to completely broke after latest update. Galaxy Nexus.
Love the new update, large size of temp! Thanks!
You website says I have no devices.
Im happy that i back up my apps before update. The geolocation for my galaxy s2 do not work. My xoom on the other hand works just fine.
Great app, really love it. Latest updated broke geolocation, though. Get that fixed and we're at 5 stars again.
The latest update messed up the geolocation..... Please fix
sucks
BW was working perfectly before update this morning.  Geolocation keeps giving me an error message.  I cant even type in a location.  I will uninstall until fixed.  TB
No weather info after update.
Very stupid that it shows the state name in the clock, never did this before. doesn't fit right. this app was great but now it makes me want to go back to stock clock
Worked fine on HC, but keeps on crashing the Launcher under ICS. Launcher only became stable once more after I removed both BW widgets off my home screen. Time on the BW clock also didn't update, ie showed a static time. Geolocation no longer works (invalid location apparently), whereas it worked well on previous versions of BW.
After update will not geolocate weather forecast, was fine before. Please fix it.
Using lg spectrum. Whenever i tried to set a new widget it would say error in download. Rebooting did nothing.  Very disappointed. Requesting a refund.
Claims to have hundreds of skins, i couldnt change it to anything other than the default skin, which looks horrible. Refund
Bad app and charged me more than it said!
This app sucks dont waste ur $ ,it never opened n when I finally got it 2 open it never worked on my phone I deleted it ,it needs alot of repairs.
App sucks... Some widgets are only supported for HTC phones disappointing.
Is this going to get fixed any time soon?
Nothing more than what's already on the phone really. Any chance of a refund?
Used to b my favorite.widget....now, not so much. If I wanted to load animation I would. Now have to tell IT NO everytime I touch my phone. Uninstall. What a waste. Total FAIL!!!!!!!
Looks nice but takes forever and a day to start
Thanks, received a complete refund and the app  was removed from my phone  Best Regards
Mobile toggle widget stopped working!
All viewed skins are now showing up in the gallery. This happens before and you guys fixed it. Pleas fix and i'll change rating.
Good app, but can't apply anything.  No chance for refund either.  Looks like developers tossed their app to the curb
Worked for about 5 minutes now i cant change skins..
Can't apply downloaded skins anymore. Fix needed.
Not working anymore
App needs an update to fix the Market update to Play breaking the authorization for skin downloads.
So I can download the skins and they are showing as downloaded. The problem is that they are never showing up under the 'Installed  Skins section. ASUS Transformer Prime ICS
Cant download skins. Htc evo 4g
Please fix this issue!
OK, So, for months on my HTC Rezound I was having random connectivity issues: Mobile Internet and WiFi...I uninstalled this and no more problem. Also a BIG battery drain! Way better free apps out there.
There are thousand apps that do the same, way better and for free. It is not bad, but doesnt worth a peny.
Bought it after high praise, and positive user reviews. Disappointed would be an understatement. I don't use it. Or would if I could, but it seems to not be capable of doing what its supposed to do - on my Optimus 2x anyway
Skins are ugly. Only one 5 columns widget. I'm frustrated I paid for IT. HD widgets are better even it not animated
Nothing new to see here people - similar & better available for free. resolution doesn't look good on tablet. will be refunding.
Developer stated " I don't care, live with it." In the email response.
Skins are not beautiful, and they dont function.  Stock options on my thunderbolt are better.
Its good when its working but 99% of the time I get "problem loading widget" and nothing else....please fix. If it worked then 4 or 5 stars
Ur app froze my phone 14 times since install.It sucks and for what?
The time has not been updating properly since I changed the time to 'get the time from the net'.
I live in alaska. I only get weather for Paris... Frustrating! I am sorry I wasted My money.
Does not really offer anything 'beautiful." Just some boring clock faces.
I've emailed these ppl & they  never responed after I have paid 4 this app...I will nit recommended this app 2 no one!!!
I want a refund, but how do I know if I got it? I really didn't like it.
This has been out for a long time now. So i decided to buy because so many people have it. But theres one problem it doesnt work at all. All it shows it a clock and non of the backround themes for the clock or weather work. Not even worth the two bucks. When will this be fixed or shall i get a refund
can't move to sd card! apps should tell you that before you buy it.Plus my built in apps are as good or better.
Used to work wonders and suddenly wont update, and wont download skins. I only have the default skin. Trying to find another weather widget.
The widgets are nice, but the interface to add skins or change options is horrible.  There are several ways to get to the Superclock options, but two of the ways end up showing you different skins you have installed and which is the current.  Overall it's a nice app, but a real pain to set up the first time and remember where things are every other time.  Update: suddenly, BW started to drain my battery!  I would lose an exta 5% of battery an hour due to this program.  After testing and confirming with various battery apps, removing this app solved my problems.  Stay away!
I only really wanted the toggles and those I needed didn't work. I tried to get a refund but beautiful widgets turned off my wifi and I could not get it back on and time for a refund
It shows different location. I stay in Thailand, but it appears Columbus.
Will run for a couple of hours then the entire widget will freeze. It wont work again until you reboot. Re-adding the widget doesn't work neither. (Nexus S 4.0.3 using the "paid version")
App never showed up under widgets
The widget has disappeared twice. I deleted and reloaded, just to be disappointed!
Having trouble updating time and loading Widgets ics I dont understand what is taking so long for a update
I bought this app for my Xoom, but it's not downloading to my device, and not giving me an option to refund.   What the heck?
I must say that I was really disapointed. Widgets could have been designed much better. Screenshots looks good, but the real thing looks dull :-(
Every time I turn my phone on it reboot 5-10 times. Have to uninstall so phone doesn't reboot every time.
Superclock 4x2 randomly stretches out and looks ugly. It does it on stock and skins. I have to trash the widget and make a new one. No other complaints. Lg revolution
All I wanted was a 2x1 widget with city and weather... had to reboot both devices (gnex,a500) to see widgets. BUT, AVG found two "malicious files" on each device after installation of this widget... what's that about?? Uninstalling.
Does not work with ics.
I am nit able to download any more skins plz fiz!!
Need more apps like this one. Best weather reporter and options on an app. Keep it up!
Doesn't work with ics.
Droid razr
Once again I got rob updAting sucks
HD Widgets ftw
Ching Chong Ching Ching
I saw all the downloads on this app and figured I would buy it to support the developer and gain a good widget app but man was I wrong I just got beat on 3 bucks.  all it does is force close and not work on droid razr.  I don't get it and I'm upset please fix. I'm not asking for anymore other than to just make the app work!!
Sry, am i The only ONE who dont think that The widgets are beautiful???
very boring, and widgets like this are so 2008. Yawn, refund please, Oh and they aint beautiful lol
Bought this during the $0.10 app sale. Toggle widgets force close in settings and when I attempt to place on home screens. Lame. HTC EVO 4G.
When i click on the weather the clouds start and disapear in the middle of the screen. Please fix. (Moment)
Date is stuck on 2 weeks ago and the clock is "stopped". Uninstalling on Samsung Galaxy Tab 7.0, Gingerbread 2.3.3.
Didn't like the size of the weather widgets,  didn't show weekly forecast.
Apparently there was update where you get charged now.  I reinstalled a free and charged package.  Went through all the settings....it seems to miss a step where I select which page to set it on. What the #!@+!!!!!   Previously I had used it for about a year with no issue.
Bad, bad battery drain! Procedure using System Panel Pro.
go buy fancy widgets if you really want a better variety. by the time I got dobe setting it up I couldn't refund. depressing that I have to keep it now...
Slows down my droid charge and go theme.ex
Battery widget sucks. It does not automatically updates battery level. U have to remove it from the screen and add again
Doesnt always reveal correct city
This was a generally ugly and rough set of widgets. Not only did most of the skins fail to download and apply as they should have but the level of customization within those skins, and the widget(s) as a whole, was very limited. In my opinion, this is an inferior widget set to many of the others available. If you want something worthwhile, with a good level of customization, I would suggest Fancy Widget Pro. But regardless of your end choice, it would be best to avoid this app and paying the price is demands.
The clock is constantly wrong and does not update. Makes it worthless for me.
keep having issued where the clock wont update. at&t GS2
Great widget, but the clock won't keep updating...what is up with that BS?
Didn't have what I wanted, and policy is no refunds.
Since originally reviewing this app over a year ago I have installed and uninstalled it a few times. Mostly this is because after installing it I kept having weird issues with my phones. Some of the issues were icons from other apps disappearing from the home screen to applications that would mysteriously uninstall themselves completely. I am not saying it was BW fault but the problems went away as soon as BW was uninstalled. The phones I have had issues with were the Droid X, and Droid Bionic. Both are stock and not rooted. It is a shame because I really like BW. I hope the developer will address these concerns.
Please bring back the option to manually refresh the weather
On atrix. Look at it with osmonitor. Weather upd gets stuck after a few days. Logs are spammed. Phone uses more battery.
Very unstable for Samsung galaxy note.
Won't stay current all of a sudden
First Android app I ever purchased and have never regretted it. Widgets are customizable, clean and fit well within both Gingerbread and ICS. The theme downloader within the app makes it really straightforward to customize to your preferences and the variety of widgets and sizes lets you find endless ways to modify your home screens.
Auto location detection always shows Paris weather.  I'm in silicon valley.  Not useful,  going back to Weather Widgets.
It doesn't update my location. Fix it or is it possible at all?
Temp is always wrong.. Not worth what I paid for at all. If I pay for a weather app it should be accurate. How. Do I get my. Money back?
There is a serious battery drain with this app.
I paid your 10 cents for Widgets but now I cannot apply the update because you say I did not buy it. What the heck! Fix it!
Notification font is now unreadable without a microscope. Put the larger font back or put in font size options. Those with less than perfect eyesight would very much appriciate the concideration of our plight.
Please fix. I'm having bionic and the clock always crushed down and delete the widget and replace the new one because it stop the clock doesn't run an
Sucks
Clock time,battery level & weather not changing automatic in sgs2 please fix.
Samsung galaxy II update "weather updates fit it"
No longer able to select how the super clock with display its features you select, like bigger weather behind clock or battery feature....
Bigger fonts on gb they were great. Go back to the huge font in notification bar for 5 stars. It was the only thing I liked about the last update
Is this compatible with ice cream sandwich? I can't get it to open
Stock widgets on HTC Incredible 2 are as good or better. Conflicts with my existing weather app which I'm not giving up- StormCenter2 by WSI.
Bought it for 10 cents, now it wont allow me to update says i havent bought it yet, worthless
Cheap looking versions of the HTC stock widgets. Glad I only paid 10p for this and not the full price.
After today new update the widget doesn't appear anymore in the list even if installed! Acer A500
#fail on the nexus. Would love to give any rating, but can't get the widget on the screen.
Can't find useful support. Uninstalling.
Not a great application. Developer, please test your product before selling it. Your Beautiful Text Clock 2x1 just hang and it didn't show the latest time. It's been a few times already, and i hate it! If you can't fix it, refund my money back!
Mesmo não estando a usar está sempre a activar,  a consumir recursos.  Vou desinstalar.
This was a great widget. One thing that I loved about it is the small temperature notification in the top. It was visible but not distracting. After the most recent update, the icon is much larger and white. The devs say that everyone wanted this but after reading messages on the dev site and elsewhere, that's not exactly true. It was suggested to have an option to have the large and small size notifications but the dev Nicolas said " These icons are images embedding in the application. To avoid Beautiful Widgets to be too big, we won't add multi-size support." Which makes no sense at all. People have no problem downloading 9MB files on a regular basis and this is under 4MB. Adding an option to change the notification size won't change the app size enough to make a big difference. All it is, is font style and size. Wouldn't be too difficult to add a toggle to select the bigger or smaller style. If this get's changed, I will update my review.
Was great. Now without customization...
Temperature notification in title bar is too big and the wrong color for my device.  No option to change and devs seem unwilling to add any options for customization.
Okay I like this app I just bough it yesterday for 10¢ I wanted to get it for my bf and it 3$ wtf
...so if it's going at a discount there's no excuse to give it a try. It looks gorgeous on an Xperia X8.
Retardando
Paid for this, it downloaded but failed to install for no obvious reasons . Refund processed despite Market saying unable to refund, thankfully!
They are plain looking.
can't have the temp in celsius and the wind speed in mph......will update when this is sorted
Don't waste your money. It's widgets look like HTC's. Does nothing useful except weather and battery. Steer clear of this!
Not available on Galaxy Nexus. Yes I'm a developer who writes widgets, I know how to add them, mine work on ICS  but yours aren't  there.
HTC's Sense provide much more "beautiful widgets". Waste of money to buy on HTC devices...
Would not recommend. The skins are poor and looks cheap. Total waste
No worth my 10 cents. Prefer the stock widgets
Latest update is crashing each time when I click on the widget.
It might have only been 10p, but it's a completely useless app. The widgets are mostly low quality Sense imitations.
Don't know what happened with the last update but now I can't seem to personalize anything. Wasn't that the point of all this? I loved this app so much until this latest version.
My custom built in weather widget is better than this crap
Why does every other update break the app... Here's an idea TEST before you release.  I'd be happy to beta updates since I'm rooted and have TB
Mine was fine, excellent if you will. But the most recent update deleted every single one of my skins. NOT HAPPY. FIX NOW.
not showing all digets! 9:05 is 9:0 and 10:02 is sjowing as 10:0!  Please fix!  Galaxy s2
Eats my battery like a starved pacman... Terrible...  Full charge on s2 doesnt last me half a day. Had to disable. Its not beautiful too.
No longer works on droid pro... doesn't display anything!
Seems to be a waste of money for an app that's clock sticks. I thought it would be at least useful to tell time. Skins are nice but doesn't seem functional at all.
Changelog inadequate.  Permission requirements descriptions inadequate	Meaningful change logs please.   "fixed some bugs" - seriously?
Nexus S and Jellybean update, and now whenever I restart my phone I lose the Beautiful Widgets widget. The app isn't installed on the "USB Storage" so there should be no problem. Other widgets are fine. I've factory reset my phone twice and this problem still occurs.
The launcher on the Asus TF201 keeps crashing when I have one of these widgets on the home screen. On other devices they work OK but they're really not very beautiful and the weather forecast doesn't give much detail.
A time widget is no good if it wont keep time.  Many episodes of the widget time having frozen and once being late for an appointment due to incorrect time display. Uninstalled!
Latest update causes widgets not to laid on home screens. Was working fine before update. Running jellybean.
Why not animated weather on main screen weather status? Why not a flip clock that actually flips? Also, when are you going to update this is ridiculous. Two stars for you.
Time freezes on ANY of the widgets after placement. Please fix!!! Nexus S w/ Jelly Bean
The 4x1 temperature widget is broken ... it is aligned too high now and covers the icon and is unreadable.
The super clock will just change sizes randomly. No rhyme or reason. Then go back to normal. So annoying
Won't load any clock skins  Weather is fine
Loved this app and used it on my N1 without issue, still do but on the Galaxy S3, its terrible. Regardless of which clock/weather combo is used, it randomly resizes and looks terrible. Please fix so I can use my S3.
My widgets NEVER update.. They basically freeze until I take them off my home screen and put them back.. This has got to be fixed.. HTC One s
It no longer uodates unless I do it manually
i have not seen and new clock skins in months. Only a few clock skins which i cant download. I didnt updade bc of poor reviews.
Larger widget on the galaxy nexus cuts off 2/3 of the temp. Too bad I had this on a previous phone and loved it.
Though i would like the waether conditon permanemtaly on the screen...
This app is pretty good, nice skins and options, but the fact that you have to choose between seeing weather or battery stinks. Add in a little battery percentage on the 4x2 widget and I'll give 5 stars. Edit: Never mind. Fancy widgets does this already. Uninstalling now.
When changing from portrait to landscape found widget dropped some information! Moon animation very cool but inaccurate. Today is a full moon but the app is off. Cool effects not in sync with reality is a big disappointment. Looks good otherwise but this stuff makes me wonder what other bugs await.
The app has been great thus far, however the update has broken the transparency settings on the RAZR Maxx. Once fixed the app would receive a 5 star rating.
Don't need Uses to much battery was always updating due to being honestly very unstable
I'm sure that these guys are legit, and have been in the game for a long, long time. However I cannot bring myself to be comfortable with an app asking for access to my Google account, regardless of the reason (the new Skin Market cannot be utilized until a disclaimer is agreed to granting the app access to the users Google account). I'll be moving on now, but thank you for the times that I used the app.
Constant issues on jelly bean, time won't tick over, crashing and indefinite loading icons for hours. Been using for ages but this won't do
I have had to resort to going back to version 4.05 to get this app to work properly. My main issue is with geolocation. I refuse to have to leave GPS on just to get weather for my location. I drive truck, so I'm constantly updating current weather. BTW - All other apps geolocate from cell network, so I know it is an app bug, and not anything else. Still love the app, but I'm quickly losing faith. This app is turning into a poster child for "less is better".
I had this as 5 stars but the awesome super clock now periodically freezes and the time never updates. Un installed and reinstalled but the widget still freezes at least once a day.
I got this for the weather and the clock for my home screen (ASUS TF700T tablet). As this product is a series of widgets that you can put on the screen I never could get the widgets to snap like they belonged there as one cohesive, well-placed, widget. This ended up taking a lot of real estate on my home screen. Even after playing with it for a few hours I never could get it to look like it belonged and I reviewed a bunch of themes.   Then there's the nag for the animation pack. It may be free but you're damned if you do and damned if you don't because if you install it you end up with two images that move toward each other that only obscure the weather details. Quite cheesey.  Perhaps my expectations are too high because I happen to design user interfaces for a living and I hold my work to "world class" standards regardless of the delivery media. It's all about usability and presentation.  In keeping with the policy stating that I could request a refund within 24 hours I did just that but have not heard anything. If I get the refund I'll bump it up to 3 stars because they are kind enough to recognize that the standard 15 minute policy is absurd.
They trick you in to report in anonymous reports. Only way to turn off is to click on bw icon in app tray and click debug and turn it off. I'm a bit disappointed. 2 of an otherwise 5 star app.
Have used this app for a long time, but for some reason on my Nexus 7 the time and the battery level won't update. The app is totally useless if it shows the incorrect info.
One or two updates per day can hardly be necessary. How about some beta testing?
GalaxyS3 Two years of using the paid version of this app and all of a sudden this 2nd Aug update starts displaying the wrong time. 5 star app, 2 star update.
New uppdate causes the widgets to fail to update. Its 6, and the clock says 4:22...
This as my first and most often used paid app. However the multiple widget types in the widget drawer are annoying! Please work on dynamically resizing the widget so that at different sizes (4x1, 4x2) etc the different widget options automatically render!
Read FAQ and still nothing. Won't update at all.  Mimicry 1.3.1
After last update the option to change skins no longer work
Clock still not updating.  I use go launcher EX.  Galaxy Note, ICS 4.0.4 Went to their website, tried the following from their knowledge base:  If you have a task killer, disable  If you have a home replacement like ADW Launcher or LauncherPro please check the following : ADW has a persistent mode, so uncheck it.  For LauncherPro verify that the scrollable widgets option is checked and to deactivate the "keep in memory" mode.  Please note that those are only examples of what it could be, nowadays there are
Sending info on my usage. Can I turn that off? Don't know. Other negative reviews caused me to reevaluate. I'm done with this app. Uninstalling. Maybe someday I'll be back.
Battery drain issue on gs3 . Also needs newer Widgets
On Captivate
What's the deal? The widgets don't load and the times always wrong?
These were beautiful back in the day but urgently need an update.
My stock galaxy s2 comes with better looking images and widgets. Thumbs down.
Needs more features. I think if it could have the weather on the home screen it would be awesome.
Not usefull
Look I hate to say it but this apk. Has just plain lost its following. Any skins added here at all recently, hell for awhile are plain to put it nicely no real significant changes, just a bloated apk. Anymore bout it.......
I absolutely loved this app until the recent update I can't change any of my skins. Also with the constant updates, have you not given any consideration to moving the app to SD? God the memory his bloody thing takes up is horrendous!
Clock widgets will not update time.  I'm using nova launcher and they loom great but the clock is always behind
I have been using this app for over a year now but I had to factory rest my phone and now every time I open the settings to change the skin the app crashes.
Used to be a great app prior to the updates, now I cant even browse through my clock or weather skins, just force closes!!!
I liked this app to the point of purchasing it only to have it force close now anytime I try to change clock or weather skins. Wish I didn't have the newest update download because it actually caused bugs. Was working top notch before that : (
Not updating. The "anonymous" statistics should be OPT IN.
I've had thia app for a very long time and just recently the battery drain has been too much. I disabled the widget and only had manual updates and it still sucked me dry. I'm uninstalling for a few days to check for a difference
What's with  the transparency? It just killed the whole app. Please fix!!!     Gs3
force closes on clock after last update
I have a droid 3 on 2.3.4. This last update causes the clock widget to freeze repeatedly. I have to constantly reboot the phone. Please fix!
It's a highly customizable clock, definitely recommend
None of the 4x1 or 4x2 clock widgets work, the only thing that is working are the weather widgets. Each time I try to add clock widget it just keeps saying loading. Samsung epic 4g touch
widget dosent even load on my phone whats the point of all the updates
After latest update my drop down list widget is stii transparent.  I've been using BW happily for quite a while with no problems, but the last few updates seem to have created more  problems than fixes.  Drop down is now unreadable white on white, geo locate only shows state now where it used to show city and state, 4x1 widget is not full screen width anymore, skins don't refresh properly in downloaded list, etc...  Maybe some of these changes are "features" but if they are, I don't like them.
Rarely, if ever displays correct time now, often freezes devices when trying to fix. Reintsall did not help.
Why cant refund support? I want money back fuxking google. Trash soft.
I love this application,  but still needs Galaxy Note compability screen.
Now force closes when loading skin menus -- was working until latest update when anon. stats were added, now can't customize anything. Please fix!
Can't even see the skins to download, just says error during download.  At&t sgs3
Lost all my skins after update
Was perfectly fine before update. Now I've lost all my skins. Very disappointed. Used to be my favorite app. Bummer.
Plz add full screen support
Was good on previous phone, DroidX2, where I purchased the app. Now clock and weather skins don't run. They look like the file is incompletely downloaded even over WiFi. Deleted one and the app reset the widget entirely.
Data Toggle don't seem to work on Nexus S. I bought it just to use that feature. "Data Widget" app seem to work fine then why not this???
Can't use clock or weather skins in the last two versions.
clock skin not working
... Which doesn't turn off when you turn it off in the popup when the app first runs.   Go to debug settings and check.   Hopefully turning it off there REALLY turns it off.   Used to be a 5 start app now - 3 for adding spyware.
Looks great...  but skins are very buggy and you are lucky if they'll work. And user friendliness could really use some work.
I'm still not able to download clock skins..Smith *Deep sigh*
Great widget, but needs support for jelly bean or cm10. All the text and weather are misaligned on standard launcher... Also miss having the clock with no weather and no  date
I hate the fact the live wallpaper has the night sky/moon coming out before 6PM. The app should know the sunset time or it should be added.
The widget randomly changes its layout, very annoying, FIX IT!
The clock shows the wrong time and most of the skins are awful. I'm going back to the HTC widget as its much better.
Was great but I am now unable to change the widget settings. I get a message telling me to go to settings via the weather page but widget settings are not available. Very confusing. Also the clock skin will not change unless a specific root is used to access the settings. Very clunky  :-( I really hope the developer can fix this soon.
The designs of almost all the widgets are not "beautiful" at all. Wish I could get a refund.
simply because I have to be online to switch to the metric units. Kinda awkward.
These widgets look bad on my Samsung galaxy s3.
Not as good as it seems and not as beautiful as it seems. Limited customization available. Boring & repetitive recommendations in app themes
Works great on my Nexus 7 tablet with Jelly Bean 4.1.1!
Since upgrading my Galaxy Nexus to Jelly Bean none of the skins I download show up. Please fix
What is up with it not keeping the right time.  Please fix asap.
App would not find my go location and reminded me of it by notifing me every 5-10 minutes.  Also there was nothing beautiful or special about the widgets, just date and time
I would totally give this widget 5 stars for customization alone, but it seems like when I download a new clock or weather skin, it doesn't show up.  Not good for something so expensive
Widgets were great. Then got a new phone. On ICS now skins won't download. Makes me quite bummed. Developers please fix. Then your app I will rate not a 5 but a 6!
Need to optimize battery use and kernel wake locks usage
After installing ICS on my Sprint SGSII, the widget isn't updating, when I use Accuweather. If I use Google as the weather source, it does update correctly, but it's not very accurate (and I can't click the icons to launch a 'details' site).  I've removed & re-added the widget, I've experimented by changing various different settings, and I've uninstalled, restarted, and re-installed Beautiful Widgets, but it's still not working correctly with Accuweather.  If this problem is fixed, and if they include a 'severe weather alert' function, then I'd give it 5 stars, but as it is now, it's barely worth 2 stars.
Superclock skins can't dl. Reinstalling doesn't work. Please fix.  Everything else great
Follow this app if you like surprises.
Lame.
Please fix clock, it doesn't update.  Wil try Fancy Widget now.
I've had the clock freeze multiple times, only way to fix it is to delete the widget and reinstall it..please fix. HTC EVO 4G LTE
Widget not working on Motorola atrix 4g due to recent updates
All my widget skins disappeared and can't re download them. They don't show up under installed skins. What happened?
Doesn't work after ics update to DROID razor Max
Please fix clock skins for Motorola Droid Razr & Bionic owners!! Hasn't worked for a Month!!!
Great app but for the past month I have not used it because the time will not update in the super clock widget... Please fix!
I have no complaints about the widgets or the app itself. Just about the functionality. When I go to the home screen and check the clock the widgets are consistently incorrect by a few minutes and this is really irritating. If this were fixed it would receive five stars.
After 2 years of using this it has stopped refreshing the time since the last few updates. I have learned now to not look at the time on the app. It can be up to 16 hours behind.. Until I refresh.  Running gingerbread on the S2
I was uninstall it after 2 years due to last update It cause a lot of freezing and make me need reset for getting out of error
If I load this widget on my Samsung note with ICS ,the phone lags and then locks up. I had to uninstall.. Please update.
Slowing down my s3.  Had to turn animations off.
I have used this app as my main clock and weather. But last update my clock stays frozen and have to restart the app. So what did I pay for exactly?
Was working great. Now I can't download a skin that I like. And it won't apply skins that were downloaded. Come on!  Galaxy nexus
Clock is constantly freezing and weather doesn't always update. Have stopped using.
Don't use this if you want accurate weather, if I choose Google  as my weather Service, the weather doesn't update even if I do it manually.... And with accuweather the location is off. It's a mess, once upon a time it was a good app. Don't waste your money. Remove top dev title!
Last update killed super clock. Had a great thing going for a while.
I use to love this application the most that I like about it was the animation...now the animation doesn't work :(
Can you guys please add more widgets. If you want tons of widget options use "go launcher ex".  This is garbage and I paid for it. The clock is the the nice widget.
Frequently the widget weather doesn't match the full page weather, even when  manually refreshed.
It is very appealing and has been my main source for weather and clock Widgets for some time.  Since mid April, the clock portion has frozen every single day at multiple times,requiring a reboot or a reapplication of the widget.
The clock isn't updating itself.   Plz fix Samsung galaxy s2 t989
Had this app for months and now it stopped refreshing properly. Settings were all set correctly. Fix it or its just eye candy on my homescreen
Some Of the widgets fail.
Said the time from the night before not sure why so uninstalling :-(
I have chosen to use alternate geo locating instead of gps and it does not update since the last update. It gets stuck on 1 city. Even changing to geolocation mode once again , it allows 1 update and then freezes that city as my home. Also does not update the temperature.
This app was amazing on my HTC Incredible S and was completely worth buying. After I bought my HTC One X, I tried to give this app many chances to run properly, and I have finally given up. LevelUp Studio, what happened? Nothing works the way it is supposed to any more. - Doesn't update Date, Time, Weather, Skin choice.  It just doesn't work any more.
Why after the update the superclock became tiny?! At least give us a choice tto revert to the way it was before. :-(
Too many required. Uninstalling!
Each and every day, the clock and weather freezes until I reboot my phone. It's been this way for weeks.
Few of the widgets appear in the widget list, despite several restarts. Pretty useless.
Clock does not update if phone has been in sleep mode. Turning airplane mode on and off will update clock. Also seems to update when plugging or unplugging from charger. Samsung Galaxy S2.
Pretty widgets, appallingly terrible interface. Incredibly user-hostile, almost perversely difficult to use. What were you thinking?
No longer updates the time on my HTC ONE X, pity as I really loved this application. Not reliable anymore.
It doesn't even have the right weather anymore!
This app was one of the best I'd ever paid for. That's right! Paid for! But now... it force closes constantly. It's really too bad. It's like I've seen it go to crappie after the last couple of "updates." I suppose I might have to try HD Widgets instead. =/
Please fix!
Continuous force close in settings, Widgets not loading unless data removed first
I know widgets can't be moved to SD card, but other apps allow partial moving. 7mb+ means this will be the first to go when I have no more space.
When i wake my device the clock is never right nor is the weather. Please fix this problem
very annoyed that I spent money on this and I can't even skin it. none of the downloads seem to work. lame.
Fix the clock sticking problem. Seriously.
4x1 superclock widget not loading. Motorola photon 4g.
went from working great on evo 2d for sprint to clock not updateing and widgets getting froze on att htc one x.
Works fine but like others have said, skins for clock are not saved. Will rate higher when fixed.
Please fix it does not update
I bought it after reading how wonderful it is (including editor's pick). After i tried for a few days and think it's just ok. Weather information is basic. There aren't many widgets and most of them are far from being beautiful, toggle misses some functions. I feel i wasted my money...
It worked great until the recent updates. Super clock now freezes. Have tries destroying clock and recreating but only last for a short time
The clock doesn't keep updated... Defeats the purpose of a clock!!
I check my phone for time and its two hours behind!! I have to refresh weather to update it! Epic touch.
Can't install the new skins im getting
I have had this app forever... 2yrs now? All of a sudden my home screen time will not update ! Fix the "fix" you put in, please.
I love the app but it is not working with my new droid razor maxx
This used to be then nicest app for home widgets on the Android Market! Now, the clock never updates and stays frozen. PLEASE FIX ISSUES.
Since the latest update the time updates less than once an hour with the 5x2 widget. Not really a clock now, please fix.  Galaxy note
I've use BW for years, I had to reset my nexus phone. Now I can download the clock skins buy when I go to my installed skins its never there. I went to their website to find solution and try what was recommended. Still not working
This app has never worked the way I wanted it too. 1. its less customizable than fancy widgets 2.  the time never refreshes properly 3. The skins haven't worked correctly. 4. I can't get the widgets to load today 6/14/12
I've been using your app for some time now. Last week I updated my phone to Android ICS 4.0.4. Since then it seems that the app has lost ability to update the location of the device. Can't even search online for a location I type manually. So bad experience. All other apps I own have no troubles connecting to the Internet. Just the weather widget won't. Getting really frustrated now!  Phone: Xperia Neo MT15i OS: Android ICS v4.0.4
I have been using this app with animation app on my galaxy s. I like it but causes lag and drains battery. Also is very slow to update my location. Recently it's been duplicating it's self over top it's self. One always seems frozen. if I delete one, the other well disappear when I next turn screen on. Also transparency stopped working.
Galaxy Nexus owner. I have been using this app now for several generations of Android. However the clock now regularly freezes, rendering it pretty useless. shame
Time stops updating on EVO LTE, need a reboot to force time sync that only lasts a couple of days before it stops. Just noticed the weather stops syncing too.
The latest update does not have memory meaning. clock and weather skins are not remembered beyond sleep mode. Galaxy nexus.  D/Beautiful Widgets(4105)( 1851): Sending Broadcast to widgets so they apply the new skin E/SharedPreferencesImpl( 1851): Couldn't create directory for SharedPreferences file /data/data/com.levelup.beautifulwidgets/shared_prefs/BeautifulWidgetsHomeConfig.xml  A little more research found that the update corrupted /data/data/com.levelup.beautifulwidgets  renaming that folder made clear the corrupted data folder and fixed mine. all my settings stick again
I spent 15 minutes trying to download skins and I couldn't do it. It said no device. I want my money back NOW
Used to be great but now clock freezes.  Galaxy sII
Clock skin is stuck on the first one I installed, even after deleting it!
Ok for what it is but not great. Constant reminders to install the weather animation among other things. I prefer the free version of Fancy widgets
Latest update has caused the clock to freeze. Hurry up and fix it I am running late for work all the time now ;)
Noticed that the wrong time is displayed on many occasions. Still not fixed.  Galaxy s2.
Very less customization, problems with some widgets on galaxy ace
Since latest update times wont change on super clock. Time constantly freezes and wont update. I paid for this app. Need to fix fast.
Been using these for quite some time and I really like a lot of them, but they have some major issues. The weather ones eat your battery in a couple hours, and the time on it is wrong most of the time. It gets stuck on a certain time and you have you remove it and replace it every time. Would uninstall and ask for money back if I hadn't had it so long now.
Originally, it was a great app for the GNex. Now it doesnt work it doesnt let me choose my own theme. Fix please!!
The clock doesn't update
A recent update has left the tablet clock widget unable to load on the XOOM.  Was a great app.
When I try to download a new skin it says I have to own the full package which I do.  When I follow the prompt to purchase it again, it shows it is installed.
Clock skin!!!!!! Please fixxxx!  Samsung Infuse
It's 2:33pm here, but the clock widget never changes. It still says it's 1:53am. Needs to be fixed. SGSII
Regardless of the schedule that I choose - BW doesn't refresh the weather. So I always got to update it manually and it's very annoying. But Fancy Widgets are working great - updating right on time.
Having Geolocation issues after last updates.  Galaxy Nexus 4.0.4. Very happy with it prior to that.
Worked great on EVO 4G.   Since upgrade to EVO 4G LTE has never worked properly.  Was great while it lasted, now totally useless.  Please fix!
On my GALAXY NOTE the time doesn't advance and stays stuck on the time I placed widget on screen. Sucks because it worked flawlessly on my NEXUS S & ACER ICONIA A500. Please fix asap. Thanks.. - KID ANDROID.
Update 06/08:  installed update, still the same problem.  4X1 weather widget still doesn't work correctly.  The icon on the left that shows a picture of the weather overlaps the high and the low temperature that is supposed to be below it.  Tried different skins, uninstalling, nothing works.  Hopefully the app i paid for gets fixed soon.
Some of the skins it says I downloaded are not showing up in installed skins, very frustrating
Now the weather text in the drop down notification bar is invisible. Should've just stick with weather bug.
I can't download most of the skins. It said skin is downloaded, but it doesn't appear in installed. Something went really wrong with the last few updates.
Using stock samsung captivate, clocks still half disappeared.  Latest update still didn't fix.  Please, I was happy with this app until last update.
I have to draw a line with the new permissions.   There's no reason for a date/time/weather app to be making bluetooth connections.  Will probably uninstall.
i cant get my clock skins to download please help asap... i thought it would get fixed in the update
How have there been FIVE updates and the size of the 4x1 weather widget is still off??
This is a widget app why did you add NFC control? Won't be updating the app it seems.
Not worth the money in my kind, anytime I turn off my phone or restart it the clock widgets are all messed up and I have to take out the battery to try and fix it. Returned to using the stock widget.
Weather widget only updates with manual refresh, please fix. Galaxy Nexus w Nova Launcher.
Still doesn't work please fix it asap
Clock now keeps freezing. Didn't have this issue until most recent update. SGS2.
The newest update has caused this app to be broken. Unable to access Clock/weather skins. Galaxy S2
Just keeps saying loading home widget please fix
Why does it need to connect to Bluetooth devices? Some permissions scare me to be honest. I just want to know  the weather
force closes since update.. please fix!!!
Had this app on my old HTC worked fine installed it on my new phone and the clock doesn't update its always about 4 hours behind, the location.following weather thing doesn't work (yes I have the right settings) and the weather doesn't update every hour like I have it set to, use to love it now I don't!
Don't update!  Just wait because the app will force close when you try to change skin.
Wont load!
Since the updates, the weather doesn't update when I tap it. I'd have to hit refresh. And widget freezes
Great till today's update - please fix.
Everytime i try to add skins it force close...samsung galaxy s2 t989
Todays update made the forecast effect SLOW. Please fix
Working fine until update the other day, now it constantly force closes.
Since the last 2 updates the Beautiful Home Weather small has everything looking squished, with all of the clock skins. On VZW Galaxy Nexus. Please redo what you undid 2 updates ago!
Was all good until update broke 4x2 widget, get it fixed!
Nfc for a clock and weather? Widgets shrunk and are too small for screen on both my tablet and phone. Clock doesn't change. Failure all around!
The latest update is causing my clock widget to not display digits upon reboots. I have to reselect the theme every time I boot my Gnex!
Used fine on my old I9000 but even after the latest update it still won't update the time on my I9100
After last updated widgets display reverse on grid. No longer able to use widgets. Formatting is wrong..
The latest update makes it crash & not work anymore, awesome!
4x2 weather widget seems like its 3x2 now
Recent updates have not been good. Location does not exist.
Was ace until about a month back. Clock works but majority of the times has blank spaces where the numbers should be. Sgs 2.3.6 latest
I would rate this five stars except for two problems: the notification weather at the top doesn't appear and weather is kind of inaccurate. Plz fix. Droid x2
Time on clock widget freezes sometimes and it can be solved by reboot only. PS: pop up asking about animated weather download is super annoying.
Accu weather and google weather need some improvement i cant remember the last time it was accurate
I hate that the geolocation  doesn't work on this app... it says I'm in another state while my other gps apps are accurate...
Nice
The app was awesome on my MyTouch but now on my HTC One the clock consistently shows the wrong time. I've tried all sorts of things to fix it. Please update for the One.
Nice weather graphics but I can't make anything else work. Location also seems difficult.
Ever since the last couple of updates the weather no longer auto updates. FIX IT! Droid Bionic.
My widget on my galaxy nexus the past 3 days has randomly stopped ticking making me think it was happy hour at my local bar when it wasn't *face palm*  Please look into this!  Android 4.0
For now i cant reg my account..it said "server is not available" what should i do..
And slows my phone . Galaxy s 2.3.6. Also cant see where on ggle checkout where to ask for refund! Also gives price without vat so its.actually more than.you expect.
Customisable clean & accurate
My widget only show the Farahit degree. Should release a new version with custome degree settings.
I have paid for Beautiful Widgets in order to get a good weather forecast application. It's been fantastic for a while, but now it is simply unusable due to Accuweather's adverts that are splashed all over the screen. I can't even stop them, as tapping the x to close still takes me to the advertiser's website.   There is an option to use Accuweather or Google Weather, but Google Weather is far too basic.  Very disappointed to have lost a gorgeous app.
I like it,  I like it a lot,  but there is definitely a big in this one.  First it looks like there are two home widgets in the same spot overlapping each other.  So I delete one and apparently the one below it is frozen cause it will have time and weather from six hours ago. This just doesn't make any sense to me. And it does this several times a day. 2 stars until it is fixed.  HTC thunderbolt W/go launcher
I had bw on my phone since I got it 2yrs ago, just did a fr on the phone, reinstalled bw and now I can't change or download and clock or weather skins not happy :-( , but before this i was very happy with it
Nothing useful really
Location setting and detection has been spotty. GSII Epic.
HTC sense looks a lot better.
Keep getting location does kit exist notification and I'm not even using the widget, annoying please fix!!!
I paid for this app so why do some of the add one have ads? It normally wouldn't bother me but its how the ads come across. If it was in the app that would be fine but instead they add it to notifications bar all the time. Not cool!
It's is nice but my location comes up as null nearly all the time and the different skins look a bit tacky.
Won't download any skins
It's beautiful, but last updates are not so beautiful. Location and weather conditions are not updating automatically... :( back to older version which is working fine... Android 2.3.7
I would like the sun with the smile on his face :D but i dont know how to achieve this -_-" any help?
Could be great but the super clock doesn't refresh reliably... On ICS, Galaxy S2
Since update, instead of showing wrong location, now says doesn't exist.
The best feature was the toggle widgets! Since the last update they FC and hence are unusable. Unfortunately there is no way to revert to a previous version. I will not update my phone until this is fixed. Too late unfortunately for my Xoom. Hope you can fix this soon!
Australian locations are inaccurate.. Comparing to 3 bom based paps, incorrect info.  If info sourced locally, would be best out there
This worked great until I upgraded to ICS on my NS4G. Now the clock freezes. Tried deleting widget & reloading doesn't fix it. Only a straight reboot will fix it.
I want my money back
Very ordinary
Always on memory even if not using at all
Needs more functional features. Widgets not updating properly on the nexus s 4g after pics update.
I originally liked this application, but the weather has stopped updating. updating from google won't with at all over 4g or wifi. Accuweather just pulls old results and doesn't update for several days at a time. Atrix 4g is my phone, but I know it's not just me
Latest update now requires manual refresh to update location.
Purchased when I had HTC Desire,  can't install on new phone (Galaxy Nexus)????? Error 403 only on this previous purchased app. All newly purchased apps download OK.
As many others have mentioned, the app is old and not of much value anymore. Suggest other widget apps.
I don't like how when you hit the 5 day weather app it goes to the ugly and messy accuweather website with stupid adds. I didn't pay for adds. The app should show the weather info, not a link to a crap website
after so many bad updates, this one almost solved the problems.  The refresh interval now seems fine and according to what I set in the settings.  The geolocation also seems okay but sometimes it still shows n/a.
Too many bugs
Hey I purchased this app before and now could not download!! ERROR 403 WTH!!!
Widget always goes half size randomly on golauncher
Sometimes during a phone restart, the clock will continue to freeze and not maintain the same time as the built in clock.  Refreshing the weather also refreshes the clock's time, but it will continue to maintain the new frozen time.    The freezing clock also occurs 100% of the time if you are using the "clear memory" feature in the android task manager.  It may be the case that the app does not have enough application priority to stay alive, and it doesn't restart itself.    Sometimes, it is possible to switch the screen off and then unlock the screen again to let it refresh.  However, this is not guaranteed.  To be honest, it shouldn't be the case that the user has to perform some strange key combination for a basic clock to work anyways.
On my thunderbolt at least.
Nice app... but you want everything except camera permissions (glad u dont)
Major improvement on stock clock and widgets and runs like a dream  Great bit of programing but very slow to fix problems
Purchased but couldn't download please help
After there 4.0 update. BW is using a lot more of my battery. It is also more resource intensive. I am using the same settings from before the update to compare
I constantly get "Geolocation Problem location doesn't exist" on all of my ICS devices Xoom, SGS2, and Nexus S 4G. Also this app has hardly changed for 2 years. More features and widgets would be awesome.
The weather is always way of when it's like 40 degrees out it say something like 2 degrees and the super clock skins are poor and if there flip clocks why down the actually flip.
Samsung Galaxy Note Like it but...Purchased version of Beautiful Widgets Geo locator gives error saying "location doesn't exist". Getting really tired of seeing this pop up. These locations do exist. I can add them manually, which is what doesn't make sense. Getting ready to find alternative weather/clock app. unless this is resolved soon.
Weather is never right not sure how it got this many stars
Unlock animations switched off = I have unlock animations. App deleted from phone = I have unlock animations. I DON'T WANT UNLOCK ANIMATIONS!!!
......
Notification bug
Time no update always go to setting for update time please fix it!!
I had to delete the program because my phone became extremely slow.
Other widgets cost less, look better, and are easier to configure. Skip this one.
Offers nothing special if you already have HTC with HTCSense interface.
Uninstalled. Constantly polling GPS even when weather widgets not active.
Because of negative reviews, am holding off on upgrade. In your reviews, list the kind of phone having probs. That will help developers and other users. Droid 2 global
1. Geolocation does NOT work with my Xperia S 2. Usually crashed with my Xperia S... Forced to close....without a reason 3. "Clock" application cannot be launched upon click of the time widget....
I did pay $1 when it was on sale, but now it said i didn pay for it, cant update now, disappointed
After the last update the location doesn't work properly, even with alternate geolocation toggle. Also refreshes non stop. NEXUS S
Can not be updated.... Please fix.
5 star if the moon phase can show moon rise/moonset . Dig this app and the skins... Aste after recent update i'm having geolocation failure notifications, demoted to 2 star till fixed
Needs more customization options - fonts on widget and notification should be resizable. Make notification item skinnable. Besides a handful of good looking skins, most are really, really crappy.
Not sure what happened,  but after update weather stopped working. Says geolocation error. Never happened before updating...
Doesnt give accurate weather. Works sometimes. Other times it does not work.
3.75 is the last update that worked for me. I keep getting a geocache error with every update, which makes this app unusable. I have an evo 3d
This is a good app but recently the updates are making the app file size too big. Every time you update the file size jumps up about 2mb! Sorry the file size and I'll be back, untill then I'm uninstalling. :-(
Temperature on notification bar never refreshes on wake and never auto starts after reboot.
Even after the newest update (3/22) I'm still receiving the error on regular basis. CDMA Galaxy Nexus stock 4.0.2
Average at best, uninspiring so uninstalled.
Having problems updating error message appears
The latest update didn't suck!!
Clock will randomly erase a digit. So instead of 6:14 its 6: 4
Loved this till the update today (3/20/12). Now the weather forecast does not work properly.
Too bloated, too big. Time to uninstall and move to something better.
please remove
Lg esteen...Cant link alarm to clock every time i tap the clock the alarm comes up and force closes, worked fine on my previous phone.
Not accurate and animation does not work, the rest is fine.
Geolocation is not working anymore after a recent update. It keep saying Geolocation Problem and the Location does not exist. It does not even display the Weather Forecast and present locations anymore after the new update. Please fix this problem soon.
This is a great app and the look and feel is fantastic but I can't get a 4x4 widget on my phone. Until then it will remain uninstalled.
I have not updated and do not plan to update until either the requirement for access to known accounts is removed or the dev has a transparent reason for it. I love this app, 5 star rated, and have used it since my OG Droid but that bothers me too much...
Great on mobile but not on my wi-fi tablet. Can't provide correct weather formation which makes it pretty much useless.
Just as the title says, Galaxy Epic 4G Touch
Home screen clock isn't updating on cm9 ICS. Would be 5 stars if it did.
Still getting geolocation error.please fix.
Yes, I got fooled and actually paid for this app. Using ICS on a T-Prime, and the battery level in the battery icon never moves. Reboot to see what your real battery level is, or check about, status in settings. Would be nice if it actually worked? Most of the skins are cheeeeesey!
Last 2 updates cause geolocation errors. Constant error message in notification bar.
Geo location not working with recent update. Please fix
Geo broken after update & animation shows up everytime I try to send a text message.
Constant notification spam about unidentified geolocation when I connect my device to the net. Tried to turn it off, can't make it stop. Uninstalling till this is fixed. I expected more of a premium top rated app. Not mad, just disappointed.
Weather doesn't update since update....please fix it guys...
Activating GPS in advanced settings seem to be the only thing that works but not worth it seeing that it drains your battery more especially when you can't get a lick indoors.
Please fix the geolocation for droid x...
I was very disappointed in purchasing this. My HTC widgets look much better than these.
Update doesn't give fix on Epic 4g touch. Before update worked beautifully. Now I can't even find a previous version and market doesn't give option to uninstall updates >=(
Last update won't give me weather Epic Touch 4G please fix
Won't be updating until the permissions are put back to normal
Geolocation still says N/A on 4.02 version. Please fix..
I don't want to update as I don't see a need for the permissions it I is asking for.
pls fix unlock animation after we unlock the screen... I can't cancel the animation when I press the home screen. ..I need to press the back button. ..unlike last time I can just touch hom3 screen to canc3l
I'm downgrading my rating until I can use my toggle widgets again.... Please fix... HTC Evo 4G..
loses geolocation when on wifi. this never happened until the last update.
Since the last 2 updates, clock widget does not load...
Since last update, sometimes showed geolocation “N/A”. plz fix it.
Loved it! (BEFORE the last update! Now, geolocation does not recognize my location anymore. The weather displays both hj/lo temp as 0°. Unable to change the weather
What the hell happened?? This new update completely ruined the app! Fix geo location ASAP
Great app till new update notification bar weather keeps saying location does not exist fix please and the 0 over 0 temperature is happening also.  Samsung mesmerize.
Since today's update: Location not working, and it's still asking me to download the weather animation every time!
Since using Android 4.0.3 for around a month (leaked and official builds) clock stops updating itself to keep up with system time. Needs manual refresh to work. Galaxy S II
Geolocation seems messed up again after update.  3/14
I love this widget and until the update today worked just fine for me. Now not at all!
Updated this morning and the geolocation doesn't work removed widget and rebooted phone and it still nothing please fix this asap!
Since the update my location is now showing as 'null'. Have turned off geolocation and back on again, and still not working. Shame, as I love the idea of multiple, scrollable locations. Please fix!
Don't see what the fuss is. Wouldn't get it unless on sale for 25 cents really.
Please update my weather stops working and lags my phone unstall until updAte
Nexus S 4.0.3, clock and battery display sometimes stop updating completely until the phone is restarted. Happened in 2.3.4 as well.
Location will NOT update. Geolocation is checked.
I select a theme to download and I can't apply it because it doesn't show up under downloads. Ugh please fix
Downloads new skins but won't let me apply them. Galaxy note
So I can download the skins and they are showing as downloaded. The problem is that they are never showing up under the 'Installed  Skins section. ASUS Transformer Prime ICS
No update since December?! Really?! We PAID for this app! Fix the skins! They're not installing, GS2 Epic Touch
Please fix this issue!
Skins for clocks don't download
Slows down my Galaxy Nexus. Delayed appearance of icons on home screen when exiting apps. No longer using.
Had it on the DROID 1 and worked it perfect and now has it on the DROID razr MAXXXXXXXXXX and it doesn't work as good the clock is inaccurate and i have to keep deleting it off of my home screen then put it back and its the same with the battery widget -__- please fix
Needs an update, been getting force closes
Fix that and I'll go back to this. For now I'm staying with Fancy Widgets.
The clock stopped working on my ASUS Transformer Prime.  Worked fine for about 1 month,  now clock continues to freeze along with the weather.
This is a dated-looking clone of HTC Sense. Themes are cheesy.  Why on earth would I want to have 2 clocks on my screen? Paid 10 cents for this,  wish I hadn't. Pretty much the opposite of the name.
I want a refund, but how do I know if I got it? I really didn't like it.
I don't like the widgets! There are free ones that are better, they are not much customizable. Should consider inseting minimal style also..!
The widgets are well designed, but the clock on the super home widget keeps freezing (galaxy s ii). There's no point using a clock widget if it can't tell you the right time. Expected better from a paid app.
All hood for over a year but has mysteriously stopped updating. Help?
What's the point of this app!?? Glad I only got it for 10p
Please add multiple location for weather service! Fancy has this feature already!! No "real" update for last half year (no added feature), I paid for nothig!!! Poor!!
AWESOME, have used it since day one. An Android essential. Only thing needs app 2 SD enabled needs a 4x4 weather tho
It's causing my galaxy s2 running Android 2.3.6 to restart several times a day. Uninstalling.
Used to be good. Sometimes the clock and the battery widgets het stuck to a value in the past. Sgs2 on 3uk, 2.3.5 stock. Hope will het back where it was.
I'm a little confused why everyone raves about how beautiful these widgets are. They seem merely average to me. If u like the played out obnoxiously large digital clock, this is for u. Other than that, nothing beautiful around here. Sad I actually paid $2 for this. My stock weather widget is more functional and beautiful. Used on my Asus transformer tablet and lg revolution.
WTF happened to the Serenity Red weather skin?
This was the best set of Widgets that I had found for a long period of time. It served me well. However, I wasn't happy with the background processes or being unable to disable the on wake weather animations (some sort of bug?). I replaced it with the SiMi set of widgets which provide quite a bit more customization and functionality in a smaller area.
It was storming and my widget said it was cloudy the entire time. I downloaded beweather and it had the weather correctly. I prefer bw but it needs to work correctly
Why'd I buy this...  Not what I was hopping for.  There was nothing that isn't already there stock.
App keeps crashing when I try to change the toggle skin.   Stock Nexus S 4G 2.3.7
To many server redirects when I try to check the forecast
With adw, this caused the whole homescreen to completely reload every time I went back to it.  Also caused apps to come back up during sleep even though I had gone back to home before entering sleep. Flashlight comes back on when that happens, draining battery and heating up the phone. Widgets are neat, but not worth the trouble I had.
Like it a lot but it keeps giving me a pop up telling me to install the animation package. annoyed me enough to knock off 3 stars.
Why do skins not load for Samsung galaxy tablet? Very disappointing as I really liked the app on my Bionic phone. Please advise as to whether this will be fixed as all download tries say download error.
I was happily using this app for months, then the weather got cold, the temperature notification stopped at -20, I contacted the developers and they say they can't change that.  So beware when your notification says -20, it might still be colder.  I don't use it for weather notification anymore as it deceiving, switched to a competitor.
It clutters my drawer way too much in ics. Too many widget sizes. They should be hide able or selectable as you want. Maybe choose after dropping on screen.
Battery widget isn't updating to show current level on S2
Before I bought HD widgets I used BW all the time. The weather forecast is far from beeing correct (says sun when it's snowing) but I liked the childish theme "add-on". One very disturbing thing which finally made me remove this app: Every single time when I touched the weather widget it told me to install the BW animation package". Why such a silly requirement? It's disturbing.
I purchased this after reading all the good reviews but wish I could have my money back because I have tried every conceivable setting but it still prevents my phone from going into DEEP SLEEP... Uninstalled and extremely disappointed
Can't set skins, please fix.   Galaxy Tab10.1 wifi only
Notification in task bar doesn't work. Galaxy Nexus ICS 4.0.1
Cant apply Toogle Widgets for galaxy nexus
Sometimes messes up all homescreen and app launcher text in ICS (turns random letters black and unreadable, also adds some messed up blocks in widget where weather should be). Rebooting doesn't help, but removing widgets does. Galaxy Nexus, 4.0.1
I've had this app. for a year.Major problem, it freezes and shuts itself down at least 4 to 5 times a week. annoying
Problems So many problems lately. Now my clock time keeps freezing or has numbers overlapping for 2 weeks!
Toggles are all messed up right now, constant FC on DX1
Really didn't do anything for me. I found the skins boring and unappealing. Widgets just seemed pointless. Stock HTC designs are much nicer.
Not sure why this gets such good reviews...I can't find any useful aps... Uninstalled
Wont update position if I don't reboot. Fix it please!!
No widgets loaded and I see the app coming in and out of active memory (using about 30MB).  Galaxy Nexus.
Good but keeps looking for my location when I deliberately turned off gps. Is there no way to disable the looking for your location function?
Good thing I waited. I feel about 10 cents is all its worth. Everything looks kinda tacky. Lacks polish. 10 cents or free should be normal price.
Looks awesome but the weather is way off for Canada NS. Sometimes as much as 5 degrees off even more so with wind chill.
Useless, widget won't survive after reboot. Nook Tablet.
With the push to super clock the user gets less customization and less control and we are more reliant on skin themers... big step back!!!
Please add the option to have the phone vibrate when pressing the toggle widgets!
Installed this because I thought it would be something fun to customize and personalize my home screen.  The weather widget is pretty good, but overall not even worth the 10 cents I paid for it.
It loses my skins. Won't download new ones. I don't like the default skin. It is buggy and disappointing does not work on either of my phone
Until a recently I thought it a great app, but the last few releases have been very buggy and the developer does not respond to emails. It has gone from 5 star to 2 star.
Now it force closes every time I try to add a new widget, please fix asap
I have a 4.5 inch screen and now have to squint to see the temperature in the notification bar. Just make it larger like before.
Not updating anymore...everytime I do, it resets my settings and deletes previous downloaded skins.
Weather really does blow..Google ..accuweather..doesn't matter ..updates when it feels like it..or turn phone off & on
It really uses too much cpu. Too late to be refund
When closing the screen to lock the phone this appear restarts the unlock screen, wasting valuable battery life....deleted it.
Why did the notification font go back to tiny again? Argh! That was my favorite recent update. It makes SO much easier to read.
Giving it two stars. I got it and can't update. it says I haven't bought it although I can open it. How does that work I have the app?
Runs great on my rooted HTC desire, some more skins would be nice but all an all I'm very happy with it.
Notification is too small
I had to uninstall  BW, because it totally DESTROYED battery life on me celly...a bit improper, yeah? Good thing me only paid 10¢!!!
I add the battery widget om my Bionic and now it can not ne deleted from my homepage.
Is a joke. It will not tell correct battery level. This app isn't worth 10 cents. Don't waste your dime.
Over hyped. For 5 Rs not bad.
I browsed through all the skins. And every single one i looked at is in my photo album. I didn't download them. Why are they there????
there are no options to display various information as with other widgets such as alarm time. Also no large clock with no weather option.
Not what I thought. I didn't like the lack of widget designs, even with customization it felt the same and looks ugly and basic. I would like a refund
I really like this collection of widgets except for one thing...the animation pops up and gets in the way every time i unlock the phone.
Time in the widget is not getting updated. .......
In no way is it 'beautiful' - makes your phone look like an 80s desktop. The clocks are particularly ugly.
..but the free fancy widgets looks better on my sgs 2. Bit disappointing
..not that beautiful
The update deleted a bunch of skins I had downloaded and now they are no longer available. I didn't pay for an app which would lose my stuff!!!!
Weather clock and date is all that you get. You can get those seperatly from the app store for free.
If you have Htc Sense then the widgets in this will look rubbish in comparison. Pass
I kinda liked fancy widgets better.
This is a good app to get everything bundled together.   But there are better, free, individual widgets out there.   I regret purchasing this.
Dull..skins don't download properly. Fancy widgets much better. Should have gotten a refund when I had the chance.
The "smaller home weather" widget is deprecated but the "super clock" doesn't work right in 4x1 format. Most of the skins are gaudy too.
Thus app got really boring when htc made them change it due to copy right laws
New update deleted all my clock skin's...and now my favorite one is no longer available...its missing?! ..again..BOO! EVO 4G
Very unhappy with this update. I had a beautiful choice of widgets.  Now I only have a standard appearance.  Bring back the beautiful widgets!!!
Skins don't properly show up after being downloaded on Jelly Beans.
Most of the skin options are pretty terrible. With a little tweaking you can get a good looking clock app out of this.  The app has to be re-added to the screen after reboot running CM 10 on my Nexus S. Seems to be a common bug with this app.
Lost the Calendar/weather option since ice cream sandwich
I used to be a fan of beautiful widget. But when I tried HD widgets. Clarity is awesome.  Hope you can be HD too.
You should bring the military clock skins back
Me likey
Clock stops working, have uninstall and reinstall.
I'm using a downloaded skin and when I hook up my phone to my PC over USB and select USB storage the widget is removed from my home screen. Annoying as everything else works great!
I re-installed the apps on Xperia Arc and works fine on both :-)
Geolocation shows N/A (Accuweather) since the last update. Weather still updates but i am left to wonder where it's pulling weather from.
Since the last update I can only use some of the Widgets. Please fix!
I've been using this for a couple years now and it's really nice but it seems like it's starting to get dated. There isn't much new development both within the app (selection of skins) and the app itself. It's outdated in the sense that having like 10 different widgets in the widget drawer is completely unnecessary as it should be auto resize.
I know this has been identified as an issue with Jellybean, but any chance of a workaround to keep widgets from disappearing at each reboot?  Also agree that list of available widgets should be editable.  Android Agenda widget allows you to hid the widgets you don't want available.  Edit:  Did a Titanium backup and restore and now it works properly.
App worked great on my galaxy s2..with my ATRIX, I'm unable to change the clock and weather skins. It keeps saying error during download . Please fix!
After every restart needs to be replaced to home screen as it just gets dissapeared.
Why does a weather app need to know accounts that are in my phone. expescially since I paid for the app. If you already have this app don't update.
Great app, very nice looking, but on my RAZR MAXX, none of the widgets update, please fix this
Its frustrating, because I do like this app. Happens almost all the time now.
Evo Design 4g  What happened to the background movement when u slide the screen left or right. Please fix?
I missed an appointment, because  weather app! F 'ing app shut off my phone during the night. When its NOT shutting off phones, it constantly displays a GEOLOCATION DOES NOT EXIST glitch that displays a constant error on your widget and status bar.   After 2nd update, GEOLOCATION DOES NOT EXIST glitch, STILL present. Samsung GS II. FIX THIS $HIT NOW.
This app was great until my phone updated to ice cream sandwich. Now i can't open the alarm clock or calendar component which i used daily. Please fix. After all i did pay for this widget.
Was beautiful and unique once upon a time but I haven't seen any noticeable changes in over an year. Now feels too gingy and obsolete for ics and jb
Having geolocation issues even though GPS gets a fix no issues.. please fix
Always used this. One of my favourite widgets. HOWEVER skins for clocks and weather not showing on installed skin list.
What's wrong with BW today?
Generally speaking, I have loved this app for many months. However on the galaxy s 3 it is having some issues with skins. I will up my rating when it is fixed.
Ever since the last update my clock is not updating the time. Otherwise I loved the app. samsung galaxy s 4G
Was working fantastic then this last update made it some my time doesn't change its 903 am and it says its 718 am Please fix
Still waiting for resizable widgets
Sameness and monotonous of the widgets is forcing me to give it three stars. Also, if u r paying for something that usually comes free with apps then there should be a lot more!
I used to love this widget, but the endless small and meaningless updates are driving me insane.
All of the superclock backgrounds are transparent
It is 80 & sunny out yet my screen shows rain drops.  Not very accurate. !!!!!:)
Yeah it wont let me download any other skins. Gonna uninstall. It's so unfortunate because up until now I considered you guys the best weather app. Mainly because of customization of the clock& weather. Please fix this issue. - Galaxy S 4G older version.
It keeps asking me to download animations. Gets annoying after like the tenth time.
Csn you please make the clock automatically update with the time and not having to refresh it all the time then clearing the ram makes the click stop.. Fix
Geolocation doesn't work. I have to manually program the city I'm in to get weather updates. Please fix. Samsung Transform Ultra Android 2.3.6
they should add some animations to the clocks like the one on htc
Too many weather and time widgets. The data & 4G toggle widget doesn't work for my Nexus S 4G.
I would like it if there were larger sized widgets for my galaxy note.
My Skins Are STILL Continuously Foreclosing!
Super Clock clock still dies not work, even with 8/2 update.
BW was great in its time. That was about two years ago when everybody wanted HTC Sense widgets. Since then the world has changed but BW has remained static. For anyone looking for really beautiful widgets an app called Another Weather Widget is the answer
Ever since the update,  the superclock widget only loads and never appears.  I really wish there would be different layouts and not the same ole skins.
Needs more features. I think if it could have the weather on the home screen it would be awesome.
I don't know why but my clock skin won't change, it just stays white
But wish they'd improve the shortcut to the url to see detailed info on the forecast
Most of the clock themes are terribad but there are a few nice ones.
Geolocation not working any longer. Loved this widget until then. Please help
I have used this app since I got my phone a year ago without issue. About a week ago the widgets started disappearing from my home screen every time I shut my phone down. A minor annoyance maybe but an annoyance none the less.
For the most part it works fine on my phone and does most of its job. No force closes, lag, etc. However, there are times where skins aren't downloading properly (particularly the battery skins) and also currently my toggle widget skins aren't applying at all or not displaying anything at all. I would put this back to 5 stars if it was fixed or if someone can give me a solution to the problem.
Whats gone wrong!!!!!!!!! nothing works now Guys..... it was ok until I installed ICS on my tab :-(  Was a 5* now a big fat 0*
Bring back the old widget from 2-3 updates ago. The info in the widget (4x1) now very cramped. Whatever you changed for that widget can you roll back to the earlier code for it.
I like this app alot but cannot download new skins. Does anyone have suggestions?
Fix a few bugs. On The Samsung Galaxy S3. When I touch widget to go into Clock, weather or calender, I am unable to get into my clock by touching on the time or anywhere else on widget. Another bug on the SGS3, I am unable to get into BW's widget settings by touching the widget. Now onto a bug shared by SGS3 as well as The HTC EVO 4G LTE (& many more, from comments I've read) is along the bottom of both widgets 1/4 of  temperature is cut off  the widget. Will give 5 *'s when bugs r fixed.
Just takes up alot of space
on Nova and Apex launchers.
Since the last update the home screen Super clock widget has been messed up. Won't load anymore. I love this app, been using it for a long time. Pretty disappointed that iy is messing up now, but I know you guys will fix it.
Everything was fine until the last update. Now there is a force close upon trying to access the 'customize appearance' part of the app. Hope this gets fixed soon!
Might be a bit of an overstatement, a lot of the widgets are looking quite dated...
Bhhj
I have been using this widget for 4 years... I have given 5 *'s on all my previous reviews. However, I cannot get the backgrounds to load.   Please fix! VZW Galaxy Nexus  Android AOSP 4.1.1
Used to be 5 star for me but on jelly bean the widget keep disappearing after copying files through usb. The app is not installed in USB. This started happening after my nexus s updated to jelly bean
Used to be 5 star for me but on jelly bean the widget keep disappearing after copying files through usb. The app is not installed in USB. This started happening after my nexus s updated to jelly bean
I love the app, but new skins are few & far between. Which, frankly, is pushing me toward downloading a new app with more frequent skin updates.
Simple.
Was a 5star app but recently clock has started sticking and not keeping time, also sometimes app gets stuck loading after a reboot
Looks great however the weather doesn't update unless I manually force update.  Even set @ 15 minute intervals.  This wasn't always the case.  Even tried installing & reinstalling.
live wallpaper way off lately
Force closes when I try to delete clock skins.
But when we gonna see the widget animations like the clock of htc sense? Is that too much to ask?
I don't like this app bc its slow and it's doesn't update the weather telling me the wrong weather samsung galaxy s2 tmobile ics
Needs the ability to remove the weather all together. I just want the clock without the weather!!!! Please fix. 5 stars if fixed.
After the update it won't even load
Why did all my clock skins disappear? And I cant download new ones! The clock stops repeatedly, making me force close multiple times a day. I've recommended this app to dozens of my friends, and the most recent ones are really irritated that they paid for this app, and its ridiculously buggy. Could you pleaseput this BACK THE WAY IT WAS, so that we can use it again? Thanks.
To be honest, I'm not really blown away by the widgets. The clock is a little blocky but I'll live wallpaper is probably the best I have seen
The weather is not accurate please fix it
After turning on the USB storage on the phone, the weather widget disappears from launcher and will not come back even after turning it off. Needs to be placed back manually. Please fix this.
So many bugs on latest updates that I prefer to stick to version 4.05.
I really wish there was a way to turn off the dialog box that asks you to download the add on. I have no desire for it and it is VERY annoying.
Great update
They could make the toggle widgets look better. There are free widgets that work and look just as good.
Awesome
I travel a lot for work - New Orleans, Seattle, Atlanta, Green Bay, even Canada - and the Geolocation works everywhere except where I live (Monroe, LA). It even works in the 5000 person town I work in over 50 miles away with terrible coverage, but not right in the city.
Location is off fix it
1x1 weather widget is only displaying a single digit...  please fix and will bump back up to 5 stars.
I really like the animated weather screen and the variety of skins, but why in the world don't you have a 4x1 weather only option, just like the free one google provides? that's exactly what i wanted, having time is useless with the time permanently on the notification bar. please offer 4x1 weather only!!
Great home screen enhancement ! However, Toggle widgets cause forced closing in jelly bean. please fix it and will rate 5 stars
The user interface isn't very good.  This app WAS the premere widget app but it has lost it's advantage over other apps.  It would be great if the dev improved the setup and UX.  That being said, there are a lot of themes that you can apply to your widgets to make them look how you want.  I just get tired of scrolling through a ton of themes that stink.
But now I can't apply downloaded skins now that I'm rooted and running Vicious Jelly Bean 4.1.1 on my Galaxy Nexus
Running 4.1.1
Beautiful widgets surely does a good job. Its just that the competing app, Fancy Widgets Free is far classier, runs more smoothly, reports better.
Great
Please make the skins hi Res. Like iPhone retina display. Androids need developer to make apps and widgets beautiful.. ..hi Res please
I LOVE this app, with one huge exception: I can't find the same skins I liked! Many garbage skins available, but I can't search to find the good ones. Make them searchable, 5 stars!
Great widgets. One issue. The temperature is always of about ten degrees.
As of the latest update I find that my DROID 3 clock widget tends to lock up quite often. -2 till the clock is fixed
Some feature downloads aren't downloading I've cached and cleared data even uninstall the app but still doesn't work hope we can get some of these to work.
Many skins for the clock say downloaded but never appear in the installed section. Galaxy S3
unable to download new clock skins, it will say it downloads but never appear in my installed skins list, this has been going on for two days, but worked fine before. will re-review when this is working again.
Need severe weather alerts!
Please add yr.no weather as it more accurate.  Thanks
Download clock skin and it doesn't show in order to apply on Samsung galaxy s3 android 4 0.1 sprint please fix thank you
Skins don't install properly and installing toggle widgets force closes the app. I'm on jb 4.1.1
None of the super clock widgets are working nexus one.... Please fix ASAP and also force closing when trying to add toggle widgets galaxy nexus
Not showing the right temps in forcast. I have tried refreshing and reinstalling. Galaxy S3
Weather does not update correctly or on time.
Great ap. However the temp never goes below 7 degrees cent, even with frosts outside
This is more effort than i would have liked. I thought everything came with the app but you have to download everything separately. Plus I'm having issues when I change the 5 day forecast it doesn't change the "home" screen to show the same changes.
Please add jb support.
Works great and easy to customize
4x2 Super Clock randomly reconfigures layout. Really annoying to have to set it up again each time.
Seems to be the most popular comment on here, my clock stays stuck on the same time until I tap the minutes (to edit the widget) and even then it only updates to the current time and freezes there.
Doesn't update the time on my widget leaving it pretty much useless
Until the weather stopped updating out of the blue "/
Seems to lock my phone up for a second or two sometimes. Available skins are mostly ugly and amateurish. Transparency doesn't work right. Lots of customizability, though.
The clock doesn't show the right time. It freezes at one point and I have to delete the widget and replace it. It gets annoying. Please fix this.
Im in pa but when the weather updates it always changes to some place in illinois. I tried resetting the default location and still does it.
I have no complaints about the widgets or the app itself. Just about the functionality. When I go to the home screen and check the clock the widgets are consistently incorrect by a few minutes and this is really irritating. If this were fixed it would receive five stars.
Good app, but a lot of the time when I try to download a skin it says successful bit doesn't appear in menu...
Used to love it , but now the clock widget freezes.
The high today is 3 degrees.... more like 103. Irritating
My SD card is loaded with all the little clock thumbnails I don't need! Can't get rid of them!
Now my location is completely off. I can't even manually change it... So sad. I Love this application...please fix.
Smaller Home stopped working.  Just sits on "loading."
Doesn't always update
Nice and reliable but can't select downloaded skins on Galaxy Nexus
What's wrong with the geolocations now? They constantly fail and I'm forced to use AccuWeather since it won't connect to Google.
My phone was updated today to ice cream sandwich, the app doesn't work good with it and I have the droid razor
I wish there were nicer skins. There are only a handful of decent ones.
I want a 1x1 clock widget.
It dus not update the wether on ths samsung galaxy s
In a Galaxy S2 the clock keeps freezing all the time, please fix this issue.   Other than that everything works great.
Good but the clock intermittently stalls and does not update on my Galaxy Note
I have a GSIII. My favorite widget is weather widget from Knox because it supported multiple iterations with different cities, but that seems to be broken. I would give BW 5 stars if they were to allow multiple widgets with different cities or  w scrolling
Maybe the best application of it's kind but now the weather widget keeps freezing all the time. Fix it please for 5 stars...
Goods options but it does not reload weather and clock has to refresh upon unlocking
Good but can not distingush moom phase... They all look alike
This was my favorite weather app! But had to delete it for now. Inaccurate time is the only downfall! It will randomly freeze until I reboot phone! -sanding galaxy s2
Who decided that the widgets would be solid? I'll have to go into setup and see if it's me... OF Curse it's me! I have good transparency where I want it... Now if only the widget would quit crashing my Lenovo A1-07 Tablet (love the tablet, after installing Nemus Launcher and Beautiful Widgets).
The live wallpaper is fantastic, but stretches out and looks silly on tablets. Any improvement in the quality of the live wallpaper background, look of the lightning, and the occasional poorly cut cloud would be perfect.
Needs HD graphics update looks lame on 720 screens:
Everything used to be perfect, now just keeps saying "loading home widget"  and it'll do that forever n it never loads.... Please fix
Last update screwed up default weather skin. Now the weather icon overlaps the date on galaxy s 3. Pls fix
I've been using this app for a few years now. I've always loved it, but since the upgrade the time on the clock is never accurate and I have to go inside the actual app for it to reset... ALL THE TIME. Please fix this issues ASAP.
Clock had issues. Freezes and stuff
The toggle widgets are too small. I tried several skins and the toggles were still too small. Many of the widgets are just shortcuts to the Android settings.
On the thunderbolt it was working great however now the clock doesn't update or change from the time the widget was placed nor does it load when removed and re-added.
Not as large a selection as I was expecting for $2.79.
This is much better to display the weather on Samsung galaxy S. Very  smooth graphics but can I get sounds like HTC please  app? I haven't updated probably a good job judging by some comments
Hardly any good looking skins. Most skins look like they were drawn by a 10 year old.
I love the app when it works. Unfortunately, every time I shut my phone off, I have to reinstall the app because the widget will never load (4x2 Superclock). I'm not sure if this is device specific or what, but it's definitely a pain.
Getting force closes on adding almost every widget. Fix it and ill give my five stars back!
I got it to replace the boring Samsung weather widget and others nd the GPS works amazing nd Its really accurate at times which means it was well worth the money
Got the wife a new phone and had no choice but to update. Like everyone has reported she's now unable to change the weather skin to a download of her liking from the default skin. It's been more than a week since this bug has been reported and still no fix.....
I kept noticing my Galaxy 2 screen coming on for a second or two when the phone was locked and not being touched.  Overnight this activity results in a lot of battery drain due to screen activity.  I loaded aLogcat to document the activity of the applications.   It seems that every time the screen has awakened it was as Beautiful widgets was doing something.   I purchased BW about 8 months ago and like it very much but I have gone to Go Weather for now to avoid the battery drain caused by all the unneeded screen / display wakes.
This was a great app but now the battery widget always freezes. Please fix it.
nothing really great. makes my phone very slow
My state instead of my city is showing up as my weather location. Please fix. Samsung epic touch.
This is a 5 Star APP. I gave it 3 stars because of the constant pop up to download the animation package. I DONT WANT THE PACKAGE. If i press "No" once it should remember that and leave me alone when I refresh the weather.. Get rid of that and I will change to 5 stars.
Clock widget has been fixed but toggle widgets have never worked with ICS, disappointing
Clock freezes... Geolocation not accurate rather erroneous...update is seriously needed.. dont mess up such a beautiful app.... come on...!!!!!
Good app i go to clock widgets and i download a new one. It says it saves to sd card but it doesnt show as downloaded in the app therefore i cannot pick it and use it.
Clock widget doesn't seem to be working after the update.  Time would be wrong and keeps jumping to different time zone.
BW is draining my battery like crazy. It keeps my GPS active almost all day for some reason. Even with weather updates not occurring very often. Down to 3 stars until fixed.
I chose to have a battery meter instead of the weather its always wrong.. Doesn't show charging when charging.. Only way to make it right is to take the widget off and put it back on... What am I missing here? All of my refresh and sync settings are correct? EVO 4G LTE
I've been using your app for some time now. Last week I updated my phone to Android ICS 4.0.4. Since then it seems that the app has lost ability to update the location of the device. Can't even search online for a location I type manually. So bad experience. All other apps I own have no troubles connecting to the Internet. Just the weather widget won't. Getting really frustrated now!  Phone: Xperia Neo MT15i OS: Android ICS v4.0.4
Cool app, but the weather is messed up. It'll say 92 degrees but feels like 112 and thats not accurate.
Good app but hd widget is better. HD widget's "more weather" feature is great and has more more then just Google and Accuweather to choose from. Also, HD widget is free.
There are no Widgets that look good on the galaxy note. They're either off-center or stretched and ugly. I keep waiting for some 5x3 Widgets but months later still nada.  Still giving 3 stars since the Widgets are indeed beautiful but just not if you have the Note.
This was my favorite app, but since the last updates the time and weather kept getting stuck.  I uninstalled then reinstalled and now it is working again. You don't have to uninstall the animation pack and you don't have to re download any of your skins.
Won't change weather skins on galaxy s3
a great widget. just the right amount of information and customization. this would be a 5 star app if it didn't drain my phones battery life like no other app.
This used to be five stars until recent updates. Clock sometimes freezes. Weather never updates. Cannot change location from geolocation like before; the search doesn't do anything. Please fix! Motorola Electrify.
The customization options it gives you is superb, but the clock freezes and the battery widget hardly ever works. Would be 5 stars if it produced accurate information.
When you select 24hr time, it does not display a leading '0' when the hours are single digit. Please fix to display correct 24hr format.
Would be nice if you could change the weather widget to show forecasts for later in the day instead of the next days.
After the last update, clock widget freezes, no it is not killed by OS, I see it is running in apps menu and in task mng app, but just not updating. Also non-flipping flip-clock is a minus. HTC OneX
Until latest update broke all skin install except for the widgets. Dropping to 3 stars till fixed from 5
Please fix it
I paid for this app a year ago. It was great. NOW the time, battery and weather never update. I just installed Fancy Widgets and its working fine. FIX THIS APP!
Since latest updates, it won't install skins anymore. Stuck with the black color scheme :(y please fix!!!!!
Toggle brightness can't be configured.
My clock stays stuck in time and won't update after this latest update. after I clear my task manager it stops working. That didn't use to happen before the update. Grrr
Seems like I'm updating 4+ times a week with no noticeable improvements. Updates are good, but really annoying and too often.
Great program, but only 3 stars due to bad, slow service fixing problems plus not answering problems at all.
Has not downloaded a skin sense the update
I recently bought hd wodgets. Must say, for me yours is better!   But please make a hd pack for tablets and high resolution. The weather is too small.   Also, I can"t get naked weather to work (can't remove the clock, even with the option ticked it's still there)   Please resolve this issues, I think I'm not the only one who would want this!
I wish they would stop updating or test it before they launch it. Clock keeps getting out of sync, doesn't keep the correct time.
i loved this widget..but since some update, the geolocation function does not work and sends error messages constantly. can manually enter a location, but it still sends the error...please fix!
Just bought this app for my new razr maxx.... Widgets will not load after restart of phone. I've restarted several times to try and fix. Not happy....!
After this last update, the clock doesn't switch when I change it. Fix and will get 5 starts fur bring a great app!
After fix the force to close problem work good but if u open the forecast and the app stay on task and you kill the apps on task manager then the clock stop changing every minute. So to keep it working you can't touch the widget for options or settings or don't clear the multitasking on task manager. Or if the clock stop working you will need to restart the phone. Pleas check this to fix it....
Does not display the 1x1 weather widget correctly on ICS, even after last the three updates. Shows only the first digit of the temp. Hooray for the people who had their problems fixed, but there are STILL PROBLEMS! Down to three stars now, was five once, then four...if my problem doesn't get fixed soon, it'll be one and uninstalled. Shame on them for lousy testing!
I love this freaking app but my clock is broke as a joke! The superclock just keeps on freezing as soon as it loads up. Clock in notification keeps working but widget just freezes. FIX NOW
My clock CONSTANTLY STOPS WORKING. NOT FIXED
Widget is still small with cut off numbers.  Come on guys...
Accuweather's site shows the correct temp but Widget doesn't. Please add WeatherUnderground. Better weather temps. Or just fix the interface.
Something wrong with the app over the last two days, as it's has drained my battery twice, showing usage of of 63% and then 75% today.
It's been great. A five star app in my book. Then a few days ago the updates began. I've had this app for 2 years, why am I suddenly being used as a beta tester
New update still foreclosed... Ugh so aggravating.
Please make this app movable to SD!
I wonder why a great performing is thrashed by the developers themselves. Layout and grid completely misalinged after the new update - GSII
If you.are.going to charge for something at least make sure it works! I can't change any skins!
Clock doesn't update using widget! Please fix!
Would give 5stars if the time would keep up
Still seems to be force closing a lot on the settings screens.
Open the weather skins option.   I have a new phone and when I went to delete a widget to use one of a different size, I accidentally deleted the entire app since stupid Samsung phones give that option just from dragging the widget to the trash can.   Reinstalled from market and the base widgets work, but I can't configure the skins now.   Lemme know if I can send you some info to help with a fix.
Im getting FC messages now when I go to change my clock or weather skin.  Please fix soon
Hi, the app worked just fine when I was using the 4x1 SuperClock, but now, that I have downloaded a few skins to modify the looks and put a 4x2 SuperClock, the clock DOES NOT UPDATE, I mean it remains at the time I put the widget on the screen and that's about it...  P.S. I'm not using any task killer, just Battery Monitor (free edition) and I am runnig CM7.
Latest versions are broken sadly,  even for paid users.  Google version 4.0 apk and allow installations from unknown sources to downgrade to a working version temporarily.  Widgets are great otherwise, but until 4.10 is fixed keep an old apk on file.
Try Fancy Widgets - it's Beautiful Widgets on steroids. MUCH, MUCH better in terms of features, customization and functionality. Unfortunately 15 min. is to short to figure out a complex program and I ended up paying for it, although it's not worth it.
Works well for the most part but really wished it had weather alerts that would appear in both the widgets and notification bar
S2 clock seems to be stopping more often. Hope you can fix it!
I'm using it on a Nexus S 4g everything works and looks fine but it always has the wrong time...
It was all good months ago
Today's update completely broke what was a very stable and reliable app.  It now freezes and force closes.  Please fix it soon...
Would be 5 stars but the last update crashes the application each time u mess with the settings. Galaxy Nexus
Cannot have a super clock without the date plus latest update made the date even bigger.
It is not working after today's update please fix it. SGS II with ICS.
Reset my phone last night and after reinstall, BW clocks don't go all the way across from left to right anymore.  Switched to HD Widgets in the interim but would seriously like to use the BW's again.
Since the last 2 updates my weather won't show my location. It just say n/a
Last update made the 4x1 super clock widget smaller than usual so everything is condensed. Please fix as it was fine prior to the update!!
Bionic screen is very dim on the bionic on a cloudy day
The clock on the widget has disappeared since the last update, only shows weather now
After updating to latest version, it force closes the application. The click widget does nit show the time. Luckily I had backed up the previous version. Reverted back to previous version until they fix it.
Sizing now really bad,  doesn't fit the width of the screen
Clock automatically updates after a phone restart but widget doesn't resize in landscape mode correctly and appears to cut off the bottom of the widget display even if I remove other icons to give more space. Worked fine before latest update.
Was all good until update broke 4x2 widget, get it fixed!
The update made the super clock squished together more
Geolocation problems. Fix asap please!
The last update force closes on half of my clock skins.  Also all of my clock skins now have the bottom portion of the city and temperature cut off, even on the stock skin.
Something happened with latest update-  skins are not working correctly. Please fix!
Not as slick as I had hoped. Pretty limited display options.
Widgets
Waste of money :l there are way better apps out there that are for free. Not satisfied with the product...
The clock keeps freezing on my way razor maxx.....FIX IT!
With the latest update my 4x1 widget doesn't seem to be the same size, and my former clock skin seems to have vanished and I can't find it.
After latest update, clock text no longer shows up no matter what skin I use for super clock. I'm on GNex ICS 4.0.4.
Beautiful graphics and functionality.
This would be a five star app if it only had info on the battery in the larger widget rather than a small, stand alone, unskinable widget.
Works great on my phone but forcecloses on my husbands sgs2
Resizing looks awful on update. Things get cut off or squished
HTC's clock and weather are better looking.
The latest update has severely squashed the battery widget. It's now so small the design is barely visible, covered up by the percentage reading. Shrinks even more when placed in the launcher dock. SGSII, Apex Launcher, 5 columns.
The app downloads and works, but won't let me change my clock to any other skin.  -HTC Intense
Update caused the clock to disappear and my 4x2 widget to shrink.  Uninstalled the update until it's fixed.
Since the new update 4x2 home widget is now 3x2. Very disappointed. Using one of your competitors until you get it fixed.
Please fix geolocation.  NFC not very useful.
Weather icons (using the 4x1 widget) seem a bit smaller than before. Not as pleasing...
What am I supposed to share over NFC? The weather? As if people don't have internet...
Weather animations cause widget locker to lag and stutter on stock ICS galaxy nexus with nova launcher
I can't select my clock for the time application.
I'm getting sick and tired of Devs asking for "Discover Known Accounts" permission! 3 stars till that gets removed!
Time often gets off mostly when I don't have internet service. Have the app read in from the android clock.
I just got the droid razr and I just came from a droid x so when I got my old apps back I wanted to put a nice clock on. So wen I went into the settings to change it. It says the clock I want is applied but its not and I have to keep the  stock clock. Tried restarting my phone and uninstalling the app and re installing it but it doesn't work
Love the look of the widgets in this app, but on a Galaxy Note, nothing is the right size.  I'd give it a full 5/5 if there were more layout options such as 1x5 for each widget.
Looks great! I've had it for about a year now, but most of the news skins won't update the time..
Would be 5 stars if the weather animations worked with go locker when you unlock your phone but they don't. Only works with stock lock screen. Be nice this could be fixed to work with go locker.
5 day weather is 4 now and huge on ics
Why different settings for two type of Widgets? Automatic Refresh/Update intervals don't work. Mine is set for once an hour and for instance it shows me previous night's temps when I get up in the morning. It requires a secondary weather app like WeatherBug to see forecast/detailed weather info like radar. If eye candy is worth $2.79 this is just it.
Its a great but the time on the clocks and the time on my phone doesnt match up. Please help. Epic touch 4g
Just got a RAZR and widgets I post show up invisible. After uninstall/reinstall I can sussessfully post one but then the clock time is stuck.
I love bw on my phone but on my tablet it just doesnt look like it should. Hd widgets wins this round
Samsung Galaxy Nexus on Verizon.. the AM/PM on super clock is the opposite of what is supposed to show. Its correct on my phone but wrong on the widget. I'm having to use 24 he military time because of that.
Been using this for along time, however ever since ics the clock doesn't sync correctly. It will often freeze and be hours off of the correct time until manually refreshed.
Clock not correct since last update. GALAXY NOTE.
Won't let me change clock skin
The skin market is only available on you desktop now.  Nice addition but removing the option to go to the market on my mobile sucks!  At the very least make the website mobile accessible.
This app is buggy at times. Phone will go hours without updating weather with interval set at one hour.
Good app, fills up your gallery with like 500 pictures though
For some reason my clock widget stopped displaying the number 2  If the time is 2:23pm it shows up as  : 3  Tried 24hour mode and leading zero digit to no avail.  Running CM7 on HTC Desire
Weather never updates. Used to work fine, but what happened?
I love this app, worked perfect on my incredible 2 but just got the RAZR and now the super clock doesn't appear
I have a clock in the status bar on my phone. Accordingly, I don't use the clock widgets, but the weather widgets sure are attractive.
the battery widget is not accurate and fails to update itself, please fix.
Doesn't always show the weather right on my screen.  Like right now its storming here, my screen shows partly cloudy.  Not very happy that I paid to get the live conditions / weather and it don't work like it says.  GPS is on and app is allowed to auto update ...
It's a beautiful widget, BUT I hate the fact I have to manually refresh the weather. I set it for hourly update but doesn't even work! I have a DROID RAZR MAXX.
I love this app but any and everytime i turn my phone off it completely resets everything which is a pain.
ITS NOT FOLLOWING OR REFRESHING WITH THE WEATHER!!!!IT WAS JUST THUNDERSTORMING AND IT JUST STAYED CLOUDY ON MY FONE....
I found out BeWeather Pro can use Beautiful Widgets clock skins and BeWeather is an actual weather app using wx for data and maps/radar.
The menus are ugly, but the widgets are beautiful. Also, for a paid app, I expect a larger variety of skins.
I love this app but the clock is always behind have to go into setting and refresh it good for a little but but then looses time again. Please fix and will give 5 stars!
It was working brilliantly until the last 2 updates, now the geolocation isn't picking up anything.
Needs to have more x5 style widgets for the note it lacks customized options for the note
I wanted HTC flipclock mainly. This one's fugly. Perfect solution = GOweather widget with HTC skin.
can't set clock default app to open by tapping hour or minutes, please fix
I like this widget, but since installing it on brand new Samsung Infuse, my battery only lasts 1/2 a day.  I can only attribute this to the widget.  Its the only thing running in the task manager.
If you have or have had an HTC phone its not that great. Kinda boring.
Nice looking. Love the weather app. Settings is a complete mess. Took me ages trying to work them out. Why are there 2 widgets which do the same thing too? I hope that this is simplified, and widgets animations would be a great plus.
Accurate weather, but doesn't recognize and display your location.  Fed up with being in 'null'
The weather is way innacurate in my area according to this. We AAA thwr channel says 98 and this says 65. Big difference
Having upgraded to ICS 4.0.3 the widgets no longer update.
Recent update makes clock freeze up at 9:59 pm and am and fixes itself around 12. once fixed give 5 stars
I don't use this much. Too much of a drain in my phone
Love all the options but wish the clock was animated like many of the other click out there
Constantly changing superclock layout... Size changes, layout shifts...  Update.. Getting more stable
I like this app but the last update rearranged everything and I really HATE the new format. PLEASE change it back so it looks the way it used to.
Geolocation broken.. please fix..  NS4G
Wont let me connect to server. What is the point of the app if I can't customize!
Geolocation for weather still not working on Sprint Epic 4G Touch. Please resolve quickly if you can!
Good, however...says sever is unavailable when it tries register my Google act. Please fix 5 stars then. evo 2.3.5
Not auto refreshing after update to 4.0 on Nexus S 4G. Some text bugs.
Good stuff
Was okay, but lately the clock is not updating which made me late for something cause the time was wrong. Other than that its not bad.
Please add Portable Wi-fi Tethering to Beautiful Toggle.
Unfortunately all the widgets freeze with ICS (sense 4). Just bought the HTC one x and after 1 min the clock and all toggle widgets freeze. It was my fav app!
U r instructed to log in to server to download additional skins but no matter what time of day or night a message days the server is not available. Until this is fixed I would not recommend downloading this app. I'm giving it a 3 because it was once a great app.
Its been creating two clocks at the same spot and they're at different times.
After latest update, clouds show up over time instead of sun. Hiding weather icon turns sun into gps icon, and clouds stay over time.
Can't reinstall!
Only a few widgets work now. Others I get force close. Please fix it
Location can't be updated even with the last version. Keeps writing the same city wherever i go (other cities kilometers away). Galaxy S
None of my widgets will load since the last update on my SE Arc
Should have better battery widget. Should also include more widget
Apps could be more. Streamlined
The refresh on wake is not working any longer. I have it check marked but no luck.  Uninstalled, reinstalled and still doesn't work. Any info would be nice. Using Droid X running gingerbread.
I do like it but it does NOT HAVE when you tap on the clock 1 Desk Clock tab 2 World Clock tab 4 Stopwatch tab  which sucks cause I used the stopwatch a lot while driving and some fun other things to gauge how long things were taking.  I can't believe they left those out  It is kinda nice and almost as good as the HTC Incredible
I need widget support for the 4G widget on my Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket
My entire clock freezes and then a new clock with the current time overlaps the frozen time and I can't tell what time it is! The only way for me to fix it is to delete the widgit off my desktop and add it again. I love this widget otherwise but this is getting on my nerves since it happens almost everyday now.
Nice widgets..
Okay, I bought this not really knowing what I was getting (just saw that it was popular), and I have to say its not amazing or anything. The super clock is what I'm using, and its definitely customizable, but the thing is the skins are not that good. The stock is all right, but in the display mode I'm using (with the weather icon on the top right eg. sun) the icon itself is an expanded version of the smaller one - which makes it look fuzzy and low res.  Overall, its all right, but not worth the money which could be used in other areas.
Time does not update on super clock widget. Samsung galaxy s2 - Ice cream sandwich.
apparently where I live is not a real location. Used to be
So, I use the toggle widgets a lot, particularly the flight mode one, and it doesn't seem to load them since the update. Please fix this. Samsung Infuse.
crashes half time time after I submit a move
It never shows its raining.
The time does not always update on the widgets, found that pretty poor.
Needs full screen radar widget.
Has anyone noticed that they want access to known accounts in the latest update?
Does what I need it to do but has begun complaining that the geolocation for the weather widget doesn't exist. A. It does and B. I don't use the weather widget.  It's been installed for months without doing this,  so what changed?
I really like the app but I keep having to refresh it to update the time which is frustrating.
Average app,  hd widgets is much better.
Though it is a great product the widgets don't work well in a normal gprs / 2g speeds. Trouble when you are roaming or stay in remote places where you need this more than cities
Love the app but please fix the geolocation error. Droid 2
Not working properly since last update .. please fix toggle!!!!!
Struggles to find locations regularly despite GPS being switched on. Also clock often stalls and displays the same time for hours on end!
great App but just wondering about the permissions, why does the app need to get a list of accounts in phone?  & why does it collect battery stats & then modify? Hmmm
Could be nicer
These daily updates are getting really annoying!
Dropping a couple of stars because I still get the "geolocation doesn't exist" error even after uninstalling, clearing the cache, and reinstalling the updated app. Please get this fixed ASAP. Verizon Galaxy Nexus user here.
Would like to have more than 1 weather widget showing at once. Not one that cycles.
Just wish when I open weather that I could change that transparency somehow!? So the weather background is all black..
I cannot download themes on Droid razr.
Geolocation error still bugging the crap out off me
Still messing Up
Not refreshing weather on wake. Box is checked
Still getting error notification for Geolocation. HTC EVO
Please fix.
Love the clock kinda looks like the HTC clock :D
Too many bugs....pls fix
yes, way too many updates.
Worked great at first. Now it keeps sayin geolocation problem location does not exist
Needs HD toggle widgets. They are very tiny on the rezound
Geolocation broken still.
Weather screens for locations in different time zones show sunrise/sunset times adjusted to the phone's current zone. Eg. Sydney has a sunset at 10.05am!! Sun and moon are displayed accordingly.
But now widget is freezing constantly.
I've not had a single issue with this great app until the last week. Still not getting geolication since last 3 updates and it keeps a constant notification telling me so in the bar. Droid X 1
The latest update broke the home 5x2 weather clock on my ICS Verizon Galaxy Nexus. It is stuck on the loading widget layout :(
The servers are often unavailable so I can't upload my skin. Also would like to be able to go directly to a page instead of having to select next for 17 pages.
Location shows up ok but no weather readings. All at zero degrees.
Cool widgets but my HTC has most if not all of the widgets included with this. Pretty nice if you don't have sense 3.5 though.
How do I reset/restore BW to default?
Been using this app since it was .50¢ worth every penny. Widgets are beautiful, weather is accurate, themes are great. Haven't had any issues
Goes to Accuweather's main site instead of the Mobile one now. Please revert to mobile site.
something wrong with the geolocation. pls fix
But on tablets there's no way too change the skins, so unless you like their stock look which looks like an ugly version of sense, you're screwed.
Since last week I've been having problems with the geolocation on my Samsung galaxy nexus s and my Samsung galaxy tablet. Please fix.
If there are any clouds in the sky at all I see nothing but a gray background. Night and day.  All the time.  Turn off the gray background and show the sky, please! This is depressing...
It's broken after the last update!
I started getting a broken geolocation notification a few days ago after an update. Please fix this app is rated three for that main reason. I loved it until I got these notifications that won't go away. Samsung Fascinate
This app will use up 20 MB of your RAM, whether you use the widgets or not.
After the last update, "location does not exist" appear many times ! Seems like the geolocation doesnt work well now . Pls fix this !
Good but when u download new clocks,its crashes my memory card and when I put card in my pc it wouldn't delete files, had to formatt.  Pls fix
Can no longer make the background completely transparent.
Same as others... Location error since last upgrade.
I liked it until it updated now I keep getting a notification that there is geolocation problem. Annoying much! What's the problem fix it or refund my money.
This sucks now geolocation wtf please FIX
Can't connect to GPS after update. Running stock ICS 4.0.4
Since update, my Samgsung Droid has a Geolocation problem. Message keeps popping up in status bar.
Three updates in two days? Really?
Fix the geolocation
G2
Add multiple weather for widgets!
Update was meh, the weather popup is now sluggish, but more than that, skins pushed to my phone from the market are nowhere to be found on my phone, even though they say they have been downloaded and applied.  Please fix.
I like this app just wish it had more widgets..wifi..alot of other..
Used to be a mess (installing skins was a pain). New BW Market makes it a breeze. Now app is 'OK'. Keep improving! Most importantly, it needs cleaner skins - most look ugly and looks like it was made by a 10 year old. Hire a consultant to create skins - don't depend on the community!
And was stated that my service provider was at fault . Hmmmm
14 widgets e a maioria são versões em vários tamanhos de outros, o que, na verdade, deve dar um total de un 5 Widgets originais. Na verdade, os widgets nem são tão bonitos assim, por exemplo, o GO Weather é infinitamente mais bonito que o "Super Relógio" e ainda suporta skins e o melhor, é gratuito.  Dou 3 estrelas apenas pelo fato que o Beautiful Widgets cumpre o que promete, mas definitivamente, não recomendo, procure outras opções que você vai obter um melhor resultado.
Even though I have 2 devices with beautiful widgets installed, I can't get the skin market to recognize either one.  And it's not clear if it's even possible to get skins in any other way in the new update...  Other than that, I still like it.  Fix that and I'll give it a five star.
Get boring after some times...
You have to check  "use wireless networks" under location and security. This should solve the prob. Doing this will allow BW,google,and any other app to constantly know your location. There will be constant data usage also.
Use it mostly for the toggles...which are now a bit broken.  After selecting a new toggle skin, BW force closes and re-boots my Bionic.  Running ADWLauncher EX to un-Blur my phone.  Perhaps there is an issue there.
Message keeps saying I have not purchased it, but I have! Tried an uninstall, clear data etc., and same thing. Thankfully I had app backed up, and after reading the reviews here, perhaps I am rather lucky not to be able to update, what, in fairness, has been one of the most impressionable applications available. I hope the problems are sorted out quickly.
Broken
To change location names (nicknames ie: home, work, park)
If seems that on ics you can no longer change the layout of the clock, and are stuck with the default. Overall the app is OK. Happy I got it in the 10p sale a while back
Sprint HTC EVO 4G This last update broke the geolocation settings for weather. Getting an error for both Google and accuweather
Poor performance in new version. Time isn't updating, sometimes pops in when going back to homescreen. Like the new icon though.
Update changed the font size with all of the widgets.  Liked the smaller font size otherwise the weather blocks some of the words.  Please fix
everything works fine till this morning's update. geolocation no longer work.
It was great before, but the new update 4.0 does not work properly the weather will not update because it can't determine your location anymore. Fix it so it can be great again.
updated app..geolocation wont work...uninstalling
I LUVED this app. before the changes. Now the city name doesn't fit correctly on screen. It cuts off my state and doesn't look good.
Decent replacement for the stock clock/weather widget.
A handful of pretty widgets but a bit overpriced
the time doesn't sync properly and falls behind constantly on my Note
I love to used, but I couln't find toggle for auto sync, please make it. And also toggle for data always crash on my nexus s, please fix then I will put 5 star. Another cons, battery shows incorrect value.
Can't load new content. Please fix.
Buuuuut skins won't load wtf???
It took it out of my account twice & would like to be credited it back
I love it, other than paying & never having updates, or the fact that it doesn't let me download any more skins. To bad. I guess that's the gamble when u buy shtuff
Ok why can't ui dowmload any new skins anymore? It says it has downloaded nut ot clearly hasn't  Samsung galaxy ace!
Please fix skin downloads!!!
Skins aren't showing up other then that its awesome
I really only like the 4x1 weather widget. It's annoying to be constantly prompted to download the animation package.
I would like it if you made the live wallpaper support tablet screen sizes. The night sky with the stars looks incredibly blurry on my Xoom. Also, add HD skins like the HC7 skin that's on Fancy Widgets.
Droid RAZR: Works great! Have it on my lockscreen & homescreen. Would give it 5 stars for that.  ASUS Transformer: After ICS update, keep getting OpenGL Renderer Out of Memory problems that seem to be related to the fonts that are used. (I guess large fonts are a problem in ICS?) Using something else for now, until this gets fixed.
The widget itself works perfectly! It has all the animations what it takes to display all kind of weather. Unfortunately the weather cast services (Google and Accuweather) are unable to provide the appropriate information. At least in Hungary... I feel really sorry about this because it would easily worth the money using the widget :((
There are spots all over the background, sun isn't showing during the day and not getting dark at nighttime.
buggy on the tastbar with temp, and condition NEVER refresh!! It takes there until you force it. Please fix it!
I love this app but I went to go change my time appearance and it is only giving me the one option. Where did all the widgets go. This basic does not work at all. HELP!!!!!!!
The widgets certainly are beautiful, however the clock widgets cannot keep the correct time and are therefore useless to me.
Its alright. Wish there was ability to customize all sizes of Widgets not just the bigger ones. The stock Widgets are ugly as ef.
Doesn't update if lockscreen is disabled
Battery widget not working correctly on Samsung galaxy note
I had a HTC with some really great weather and clock Widgets but lost that when I upgraded my phone this is my replacement app and it dose a OK job
Its good but clock keeps freezing time . Galaxy S II running ICS 4.0.3
but some of the clocks and weather options are not HD and are very blurry so they look crappy. I think BW should monitor what is posted so that only ones that meet certain standards get on the list.
Beautiful? Better described as Average Widgets. Shows the time, weather and nowt much else. Don't understand the hype surrounding this app.
better option for Galaxy Note are HD Widgets. Missing 5x3,4,5 widgets. Uninstalled.
This is a nice app once you figure out the settings. But the live weather doesn't update correctly it shows sunny and clear when its been cloudy and rain for over an hour and yes my update is set for 30 min intervals
Was great on my Epic Touch until Samsung/Sprint updated my phone to gingerbread 2.3.6 Now the location city is right only half the time, use to be spot on before the update. Not sure if the program needs to be updated or if Samsung/Sprint messed it up.
Droid charge on latest stock of gingerbread, the superclock wont display any 3's in the minutes field. 2:33 looks like "2:  ".. fix it and get a 5!
my weather doesn't update!!! Also, if i used the smiley face icons, it's always "on vacation"!!
Clock never keeps up 2 date. Always have 2 go into settings & refresh.  Normally its 3-5min behind but getting worse, was stuck on 1:55am & it was 10:40am.
Good clock and good weather. Should change the name to Beautiful Widget. Could use a calendar widget. Email and/or news widgets would be nice too.
This app does offers large range of customisations that are available for clock & weather widgets. A slection of other widgets is also available that provide common switches for things like bluetooth and wifi but, if you are thinking of buying this app for anything other than the clock & weather widgets, you might find something better and less costly elsewhere. The available clocks are very attractive: Some of them have limited appeal but you should be able to find something to your tastes. My main gripe concerns the accuracy of the weather forecasting in the weather widget, which uses data supplied by Accu Weather or Google. These forecasts are so inaccurate that they are virtually useless: For example, the widget often tells me that it is sunny, when it's raining and vice versa. Beautiful Widgets also takes up a fair few MB of memory, which wouldn't bother me if the accuracy issues with the weather widget could be resolved.  Sadly, although Beautiful Widgets makes sporadic appearances on my phone I have reverted to using the default weather widget that was came with my phone, which, I think, uses data provided by The Weather Channel. This seems far more accurate
Please update for ics. Not working right on my galaxy nexus
Please update this for ICS. The clock doesn't update properly. I have had this app for over a year. Worked great on HTC Inc and Tbolt. But needs an update for the G-Nexus.
Love the weather widgets, but I do not want those dumb animations to view the forecasts, nor do I want to be notified of it EVERY time I tap on the weather! Remove this pesky notification and you'll earn your other two stars.
The latest update removed a number of holiday oriented skins.  I'd like to see those and more fun/interesting ones available.
Great app and widgets but the clock sometimes get stuck and does not update.. SGSII sprint stock ROM.
I love this app as a suite of great, individually skin able widget. But my biggest complaint is that when customizing multiple widgets the Menu UI can get really confusing!
Superclock 4x2 randomly stretches out and looks ugly. It does it on stock and skins. I have to trash the widget and make a new one. No other complaints. Lg revolution
It looks good but it's always hassling me to download additional package. Don't make me deal with your package management problems. Also, doesn't handle geolocation failure gracefully.
Looks great but has major update issues. Even manual update shows sunny at 10pm. Weather very unreliable.
Nice app but with the word beautiful in the title there's very few that actually are.
Like the weather app got it for the new Epic touch.  Not able to use the clock as there doesn't seem to be an alarm. Double tap on the clock doesn't take me to another screen to set one
App but it gets my location wrong sometimes once it thought that  I was in london when  I live in australia
I like this but the update never works even when i set to refresh every 15min...:(
Was happy till recently now have to reset my phone about once every day or two for the time to be right
Touching the time doesn't work to launch the clock with the T-Mobile MyTouch Q
The look of "BW" is now getting a bit stale.  It's like a top selling 80's hit, was great but just not really hot these days. I used to really love the look, but two device changes later and it's hasn't been on either.  Lots of other more current apps with fresher looks to really bring eye candy to my homescreen.
Can't download new skins AGAIN and the widget sometimes won't respond to touch, there seems to be problems with this app every couple of weeks now, it's good when it works but it's not the best anymore by a long way.
I am expecting more from you guys, like more toggle widgets. Nice app though.
Would rate higher but I want the ability to pick the weather app of my choice. I use weatherbug elite so therefore I don't use this widget anymore.
I like the look but would like to be able to pick my own weather service for example yr.no. None of the defaults works good for Östersund Sweden.
Like options in this, but too resource intensive on Evo 4G, causing Sense to constantly restart when I use other apps. May use if I root.
Still the best looking widget package.  Unfortunately, time is often off, sometimes by hours.  ICS on Samsung i9000
Don't know what happened. Won't update my weather anymore. SGS 2.
Seems there are a few things missing: no alarm on the clock, slows down system. Galaxy S II
In the extended day weather widget. One of the days is always missing a number from the weather high/low
A+
good app. only wish they would add Australian  Bureau of Meteorology as source.
Nice clock/weather widget. However, the notification pane weather doesn't update. ICS Galaxy Nexus.
Its not working at all...city is not updating properly and if I turn my phn off, I have to reset everything.
I bought this app for $.10, but I can get what I need (or better) from free apps.  I use BeWeather for a great looking weather widget/app.  And the BW battery widget isn't accurate.  I installed a couple other free battery widgets which are always more accurate than the BW battery widget.  I don't see why everyone loves BW and I'll uninstall it if I don't find a use for it.
I love how the widget looks but it says I'm in a diffent towns and it says its - 5 out when its like 50 degrees
good app but slows down the phone
Notification numbers were a readable size,  but are too small and insufficient brightness to read on GB.  How about selectable color and size settings?  Otherwise a brilliant app!
Saying no room on home screen when there is plenty of room.
Look great! But when I had them in use my home screen always took a half second more to load, romoved  and smooth as butter. Droid 3, adw pro home launcher
Look great! But when I had them in use my home screen always took a half second more to load, romoved  and smooth as butter. Droid 3, adw pro home launcher
I dont 5*3 widget for galaxy note in BW widget list.. why
But it's missing the possibility of having multiple cities.
Good app, not great. Very, very buggy for VM Optimus V... worth $1.39?? Depends on if you got room on your SD card, which it won't give you the option for.
Since last update I keep getting doubled up/overlayed smaller home widgets showing different times, one correct, one incorrect...
Since the last upgrade the temps in the notification area are way too small.  I think they were better before.  It would be nice if we were able to change the sizes.
Weather predictions not accurate also widgets are so good as the description. Not worth a buy. Difference of 3-4 degrees.
weather settings missing manual update for weather. It will be more better for keep % of battery . big weather widget missing
Would like calendar widgets.
I love the app, but the recent update of 3.75 16 December 2012 caused me to lose all the skin I had which was one of the main reasons I like this app over other customizable apps. quite frustrating when people cannot program properly
A 4G/LTE toggle for the G-Nex on Verizon would be nice.  Only support for HTC on Spring/Wimax by the sounds of it.  The countless other features are quite nice though...4G/LTE toggle would bring up to to 4-5 stars though.
Has some serious usability issues but its very pretty
skins are not that great..!! have large collection.. but not of good quality/design    dont download their weather animation package - its a battery drainer.. nd uses too much of processor..! nd ram..! AVOID IT !!    Go for Sense Analog Clock Widget  3D Digital Weather Clock    LEVELUP should work on efficient use of battery and resources..!!
I paid your 10 cents for Widgets but now I cannot apply the update because you say I did not buy it. What the heck! Fix it!
Your last up date completely F'd up notification temp thank god for titanium back up. Please try again. Also why are super clock skins and home clock skins different?
Happened after upgrading Nexus S to ICS 4.0.3 Other apps are having same issue,so Google problaby changed something...
The weather icons are all kinds of screwy now. Weather shows "clear" but shows an icon of wheat? Earlier, it said "light cloud coverage" showing snow
Temperature font in the notifiation bar too small after updating the app. Please add an option to keep the previous font size for temperature notif.
Great application with quality enhancements to the stock widgets. NOTE: Please return notification font to larger size! Five stars when done.
After using for over a week this is not as good as fancy widgets; skin resets after boot, weather does not update.
Need bigger notification font!
Notification is too small
not fixed with update on clock skins "Current" still defaults back to standard skin on HTC TBolt fix it please !!!
I don't like the small font of the temperature on my status bar
great looking weather app and clock  4g switch does not work on Verizon gnex
The interface looks great with free downloaded theme.   However, the app will be better if it can show the next alarm.
It is not refreshing itself even though I have it set at 15min intervals....PLEASE FIX!
No longer showing up under Widgets in ice cream sandwich? Can't find them anywhere. Galaxy Nexus (vzw). Worked great on gingerbread
The GPS enforce won't work. Disable it to get a more accurate location and weather forecast
Notification fonts were great on the last update.  Today's update make the font way too small.  Please make it bigger again.  Thanks.
Great widget but wished you could have option for larger notification font. The new one is  tiny on my EVO 3D and Photon 4G.
I really dislike that the animation for the sun does not change to a moon on a lot of these skins??  Is there a way you can change this so that I don't see a yellow circle when I check the weather during the evenings? Its a bummer: (
Great app. Lots of skins to download! Got it for 10p! Working great on the galaxy nexus.
The first day it worked great. Now the batt widget as well as the phone batt icon never go up or Down. I have no idea how much battery life I haveleft
After latest update, some issues. Can't seem to download weather skin. Always "error."
Not as good as I thought, I was hoping it would come with a few options to change the main interface. Decent app but not really worth the hype imo!
Nice app for 10¢ but if you want a successful app here's the dirty little secret: make things work exactly as they appear.Skins don't display properly
Nice looking but needs more customisation options - in particular the ability to show weather for different locations on separate widgets
I miss being able to customize without having to re-add widget.
The recent update has made the text for my temperature notification huge; the numbers dominate my status bar! Why "fix" what wasn't broken?
The time won't update on any of the widgets. Please fix.
Its nice but not as nice as the htc widget.
Some of the widgets are amazing and others are just so-so. The battery widget should display temperature information.
Well it's OK I suppose for 10p. Everything is neatly executed and works well but tbh the widgets are pretty average. I just can't justify the 5MB of space on my phone when there are clock & weather widgets that use a fraction of that space.	So it has to go I'm afraid.
You can similar widgets in the market for free
Laggy time and a little heavy on the battery
No longer 'beautiful' when compared with late 2011 UIs.  Good for starter set @ 10¢. Look elsewhere for the prettiest widgets.
I would say that Fancy Widgets is more customizable and easier to customize. Beautiful Widgets have similar options separated according to each class of widgets, feels like a few apps linked via a settings screen. For the forecast screen in BW, since the Animation package is a must (without it there just a big blank space) why not include it in the main app?
Nothing beautiful as well
Good but it should support multiple cities.
Ordinary & simple
Got on 10¢ deal and would never have payed full price...only 5 types of widgets the rest are just different sizes. No calendar widget? Not worth it
Why no weather widget 5x2 for Galaxy Now?
I purchased this app on the 90%  offer and it won't update:-(
Can't update because I haven't purchased it yet   ? I did though, haha
- Fancy widgets has battery info included. Plus has more configurable options...
Doesn't seem to work initially on ASUS Transformer (downloaded and no widgets). Nice it's 10c, and seems to work after a few minutes. Would be good to show the weather source, as I think people care about this stuff. Good app, but kind of pointless on honeycomb because all the info is easily  accessible already, so you only *really* need weather, and Accuweather is a better HD weather app (multiple locations).
For .10 not bad. Need more skins
My app still uses 22% of the battery. Is that normal? Galaxy s 2.3.5  p.s. I have already install the last update but still uses the same 22% percent.
I like it, just the weather animation doesn't work when I use any other lock screen the than my stock htc lock screen. Please fix, then definitely 5 *
Well it certainly needs to be much more customizable and needs some set of preinstalled designs instead of the crappy user built designs.
No news integration on otherwise great looking widgets, no flashlight/torch widget for toggle. If these to issues were fixed would have 5 stars.
If there was an 'ugly contest' the vast majority of the BW skins would win it hands down.
I was expecting a lot more from this app... Not great, just OK.
Really nice, but please get ride of the windshield wiper blade in the rain animation...
Everyone should have this app!!
Last update corrected the accuracy of the weather its closer to being correct. I'm happy again. Thanks!
This app caters to every one, so many different skins for clock.& weather. You can mix& match to ur own style, it's worth the $ you get ur clock & weather all in one.. hides 3 apps in time, weather, & date. Only thing I found is you can't email the makers of it.. can't find clock skin I was using for a month???
I loved this app when I had my Nexus One, but now that I have a phone with HTC Sense the app doesn't work so hot.  Time doesn't update, always crashes phone, and just doesn't seem to mesh well with Sense on my Evo 4g LTE.   I don't blame the developer, I blame Sense.   Dear Beautiful Widgets, maybe one day we can fall in love again...
Great except it keeps just showing n/a instead of my location =/ what can oI do.??
Good widgets. However new ones should be added. Maybe one for a countdown?
Great app. However, more widgets would be nice.
This app wouldn't be any good without the community
Since I upgraded to ICS on my Moto RAZR, anytime I select any of the widgets, they never load. Even after 10 hours while I slept.
This is my favourite clock widget, but I do find that it freezes sometimes. HTC Desire HD, AOKP ICS
Would be nice if the brightness toggle cycles through auto-brightness as well in Android 4.0
Other should follow lead
Wish it had an backup and recover option available.
Great widget. Probably the best clock on the market. Only problem is sometimes I can't get in the menu to customize it. It just brings me to the screen on how to install the widget. Would be 5 stars otherwise.
More & different weather animated emotions, I would like 2 see more animated weather also better theme clocks like Miami Dolphins but this app is the best app I paid for keep up the good work  lolo Ent on my epic 4G w/keyboard
Running JB 4.1.1 and version 4.11.1 o Beautiful widgets. Cannot identify my location despite other apps having no problem. Works fine with a defined location. Gat application otherwise. I have used this for a long time and will continue to do so.
getting a problem since the last update of the time in the 4x2 super clock widget not updating occasionally after waking the phone -have to reboot.
Its a great app but i stopped using it coz it doesnt have any 4*4 weather only widget.  And i would like to request one.
However when I tap the clock nothings happening in my xperia go  Ive tried using it with other phone and the alarm app is integrated with the beautiful home,,   Ive tried setting the application manually but I cannot locate the alarm/clock  4 stars ;-)
Although find the time widget display freezes every now and then (galaxy s)
Worked flawlessly on my LG P500 on 2.2, but on my Huawei U8815 on 2.3, it freezes and crashes everytime i go into the menu's to change the layout/clock skin/weather skin, PLEASE!! fix, as this is a great app none the less.
Making the widget fit the screen it there's so much space left when resizing it
Good
flip clocks need to flip.
Love this app but when I click to see the weather there r adds, why? This is a paid app
Pretty good app.
I would like to see some more widgets added (e.g calendar).
missing some settings in weather widget: #setting background and border color #setting background transparency level(only available in 4x2) #setting text shadow and shadow color with this settings it would be even 5 stars
I find the clock to be redundant.  It would be excellent to have a widget that showed weather, location, date, and perhaps the forecast for the next few days.
Great app (but cuts off the bottom of the current temperature, using the small weather widget).
just flashed liquid rom on galaxy nexus...can't download BW from market....love this app though....waiting
Latest update makes it useless as whenever I turn off the phone, I lose my widgets. Please fix. Update: fixed! Great job!
Brilliant! Works smoothly and has been quite accurate. Only wish i could switch between multiple cities weather like full round scroll both ways. Keep up the good work!
...but for a weather app almost too big ;-)
Issue with widget skins on galaxy s3.
I was looking for the HTC sense experience on my galaxy nexus and finally found it. It would be nice though if you could make the toggle widgets a little bigger
I'm already since 5 hours in a other city... 1000km away. Still shows old location. Going back to fancy widgets. Even free version works beter. -1 for this app.
I don't like how Beautiful Widgets spams my widgets drawer. If there was a way to hide some of the widgets, I'd be happy with it. Otherwise it's still fine for me.
Widgets are displaying with cut off edges, this has been an ongoing issue with no update, pls fix.. Motorola XOOM
Nice widget as always :) use it all the time.. More themes will makes it 5 stars..
Great app!
Amazingly customizable. Easy to use.
awesome love how much you can customize it
See any changes in removing backgrounds on the clock? Along with changing the colors? I like some of the fonts but colors suck
The Temperature notification is Still a bit too small & the colour needs to be able to be chosen by the user.
Doesn't refresh on its on
Cool app , improves look of phone
Beautiful widgets is my go to clock and weather widget on my phone but not tablets.
Love the toggle widgets. Can you please design a Wi-Fi AP toggle?
Asks for a lot of permissions but is anything but malicious. Can be a resource hog at times but that likely has more to do with skin developers that the core app itself. Recommended.
Excellent
After an uninstall and reinstall it now works properly.
You can download skins, but they don't get installed, so you can't use them. App is currently worthless.
The most comprehensive set of customizations 4 mobile apps, u won't find anything richer in variations and looks than this app But the recent update broke it, and it no longer updates time (after phone goes 2 sleep), and the widget no longer responds to touch.  Wheather info is also wrong most of the time now.  what happened ???!!!, used 2 b such a gr8 app, but now utterly useless since 1 or 2 wks ago....  OK, now some stuff have been fixed since last time, but still more work 2 do...
I guess I'm the only one not having issues. No crashes, widgets change just fine. Geolocating works just fine. The only issue is that some of the widgets are poorly rendered, but you don't know till you download it and apply it. Other than that, it's been great for me. ICS 4.0.3 on HTC Vivid.
Update: ICS update fixed the issue on my EVO 3d...  Update: Applied "new" skin patch this morning, problem still persists..  This app was working great,until the "anonymous" statistics, patch was applied.. It corrupted all my skins on my EVO 3d except default. Normally a good track record. Fix!!
Well done. Just like the HTC app i was used to.
Geolocation not working any longer. Loved this widget until then. Please help
Was going to update but luckily read the comments first. I will not install an app that phones home by default, that's nothing much more than spyware no matter what you say. Disgusting and unacceptable behavior imo, especially when it's already been paid for.
now every time I tap the extended forecast I get a force close. It was happening on Gingerbread and it is still happening after updating to ICS. I have sent multiple crash reports and there is still no solution to a problem that has been going on for me for more than two months. Would give it zero stars if I could, as it is pretty well useless at the moment. Will likely rate it 4 or 5 stars again once the force close issue is fixed.  Updated: After one of the recent updates, it now works again where it does not force close when I tap on the 5-day forecast. So, we are back up to 4 stars for now.
This app is almost perfect. It satisfies most of my widget needs, however I'm having some issues customizing the  fonts on the battery portion of the clock widget. It shows a font different from my system's. When I tried to change it from the setting of the app it doesn't seem to do anything. I'm currently using our galaxy s 3
GS2. No problem with my clock skin. I only use the "beautiful smaller home weather" (resized) and it works fine so far. I haven't been able to check the geo-location function yet.
my clock & weather widgets disappear now.  CM10
Great widget app, have used since I was on 2.1, since updating to jellybean the widgets are disappearing after a reboot.
I have been a long time BW user but  with the last update the time won't change & when I remove a skin they all get removed. This great app is no good to me any more. :(
Always used to touch the time to open alarm clock, won't work now.
Does anyone know how to configure the weather alerts the app says it's configurable for the united states
My issue was solved... Thanks
Geo location issue fixed with complete uninstall/reinstall
Lives up to its name. Love to check for new skins.
Very customizable.
A lot of the themes are not that great,but otherwise a must have app
Nice looking widget.  Sometime takes battery life a lot
Broken skins module appears to be working with a new update. Back to being a favorite app.
Use clock and weather on my note. Previously didn't support 5x tiles but came in an update.
The app force closes every time you open it.
After the latest update, Beautiful Widgets is working perfectly. It's now letting me download my favourite skin "Ice Cream Sandwich".
Great app
Been a lot of updates lately though.
Animations cod be smoother. Otherwise this rocks and makes Android feel like home.
The widget has a big black square on the left side. Not sure why.
The latest update messed up the geolocation..... Please fix
Works pretty well!
Update fixed the issues with jelly bean! Also the weather seems to refresh when I turn the phone on. Before it took 5-10 min with ICS or jelly bean
Too many menus. I ended up setting the weather two times in different locations of the program and I don't even know how.
Very good widgets. Worth the money for upgrade. I had to install/uninstall twice before the widget names would appear in list, could be ROM or launcher related though.
Works.
Works.
Looks great...  but skins are very buggy and you are lucky if they'll work. And user friendliness could really use some work.
Great selection of clocks and weather
Clock sometimes doesn't update and the weather widget disappears sporadically. Great when she works. Updates are in need.
This app looks great the bad thing is that it only lets you pick two weather servers I want to choose the weather channel
Value for money! Robert - why write a poor review, just because you dont know how to root and customise your crappy s2..boohoo!lol
Why doesn't the Zeldabat battery icon work?
The amount of stupid in some of these comments is hilarious. If you can't hit save & apply for new skins or navigate it's rather basic settings ui, maybe you should go back to your 80's Motorola brick phone.
App is working except that the widget won't start / run automatically once you reboot your phone. Issue started when I upgraded my Nexus S to Android 4.1
A little cumbersome to customize, but when done it works perfectly. Especially the clock was hard to perfect.
Dear team! Good clock skins but time doesn't get updated!! E.g. touchviz 5, miui dark - red, orange, black!!  Pl fix this!!  U deserve 5 star for rest!! Vaibhav, Mumbai
The clock freezes repeatedly, and I figured out why. In my case, built-in task manager of Optimus LTE2 was the killer. Now that I've switched to a third party task manager which provides exception list, the clock works normally. But why did I have to do that in the first place? Other clock and weather widget apps I've tried require no additional action. Anyway I'll stick to BW because it suits my launcher layout.
Looks nice and there are tons of skins available, but it can be a bit buggy on my Nexus.
Only 2 out of 10 skins work for gs3
Make the clock numbers flip and slide when changing. Would make it better.
Best widgets pack ;)
A lot of the skins fail to download even tho it says that they where,  please fix...  Been using beautiful widgets suince the original Droid
This app is incredibly customizable. There are 100's of skins.  -1 * because you can't have the weather AND the battery on the clock at the same time.
I like this app does what it says and does it well.
Worth the price, but I hope they add more in future updates.
In spite of looking for one, I can't find a replacement for Beautiful Widgets.  The configuration tool is cluttered and unnecessarily fine-grained ("JUST MAKE IT A SETTING!"), and the nice, polished themes that are available are practically drowning in a sea of...  more "amateur" endeavors.  Overall Beautiful Widgets just feels like _work_ to get set up.  Once they're set up, the widgets can look fabulous, and the animated live weather overview is brilliant, both for its beauty and its brains.  However, after all the setup, you still have no less than *14* different widget entries cluttering up the launcher's Widgets tab...  gross.  I really hope this gets cleaned up at some point.  Overall though, it's still a very nice widget pack, and *completely* worth the paltry few bucks they ask for it.
Sort skin by most recent downloaded broke.
The animations and images need to be scaled-up for 720p displays.
I like this. It was worth getting for me. But HD Widgets although not having as many really does look better.
Possible toggle widget issues. Force closing when attempting to add them to the home screen. Awesome product.
Clock skins appear to download but don't appear in the installed list. I wonder whether this is something to do with the sdcard/emmc/mnt changes in CM9. SGS2 CM9 nightlies.
I have played with all of them... Beautiful, Fancy,  HD and stock. None have really made me a regular. I like the background on stock S3... Changing based on weather and time of day. Would like that here.  I also want to be able to click on temperature and get the weather.  Here I have to click on the weather icon.  And I want a refresh button on the widget. The skins are neat,  but don't look all pretty on my phone and don't always show up as advertised.  There still is work to be done on this.
Was all good before, but since the last update, the clock freezes and doesn't update all day. Couple of times I got in trouble because I read wrong time on the phone screen. PLEASE FIX URGENTLY and will give 5 stars. Thanks
Works great and easy to customize
New Galaxy S3, downloaded superclock skins do not show up under Installed.
It would be great if i could be able to change to font of the widget (type, size, bold or not, etc). I don't know if i never noticed it before, but since the last update, the hi/lo temp forecast blocks out half of the current temp reading unless i resize the 1x1 widget to 2x1 manually.
Používám již od roku 2010 a jsem velmi spokojen. Je k dispozici spousta skinu. Take ocenuji battery widget.
Please fix clock skins for Motorola Droid Razr & Bionic owners!! Hasn't worked for a Month!!!
Most of the skins are very very crap. There needs to be more professionally designed screens.
Can download Clock skins but its not installing .samsung galaxy S3
The only request I have is being able to get NWS weather, as Google doesn't have details and accuweather has been getting less accurate. No force close issues or anything else.
Toggle widgets FCs in Jelly Bean on GNex.
This app has been my go to weather widget since I got my droid x.  But on my galaxy nexus I get a force close when I try to add a 4g toggle.
Used this for two years now. Nothing to beat it.
Clock seems to stop refreshing on my tf prime tablet
Background transparency no longer works after update. Also LED notification light stays lit. Does not blink like other notifications do. S3 incompatible?
Accuweather and Google weather suck. It told me it was raining today, as one example and it was the clearest day of the year... the weather widget is rendered useless as a result.
Ice cream sandwich makes it look big and clunky
Was working perfectly until the last few updates. Geolocation consistently giving wrong city or location. Samsung GS2 epic 4g
It's one of the few apps that I install first when setting up a phone. I've been a fan of this app since my original Droid. My only request to the dev is to add a search feature for the clock skins. The huge number of clock skins is a big plus, but also gets harder to search through.
Love these widgets, but toggle widgets crashes when skin  is missing.
Works as intended and so much can be customized! Love it
Couldn't resist after 3 days with evo lte I had to install this app
Be great if my super clock was accurate it takes ten minutes for it to update to current time - Motorola photon 4g
If I have a 4x2 widget I get a nice big clock on the top half and weather underneath. But I don't want to use Beautiful Widgets for weather (I love the look of it, I just don't like the forecasts). What I want is the top half of the 4x2 widget - a nice big 4x1 clock. I could go for the 4x2 clock with date underneath, but that takes up too much space, space I need to put a weather widget underneath.
Since i updated my sgs2 with android 4 things are not the same. When I press update button for the current weather it is changing only on widget.  The numbers on main page are changed in 1-2 minutes later... Annoying...
Widget will freeze every few days. Simple delete/re-add fixes, but will happen again. Problem with sense 4/ICS?
Pretty and useful. Plenty of user options
Weather doesn't refresh on ICS. G Nex
Worked well in my bionic, other than not refreshing often. Will change to 5 stars if and when it works on this phone. Widgets are invisible for some reason.
Very cool!!
I love the application, but some skins aren't working right on the super clock
Awesome, but would be better if weather animations were updated with a more modern look, like sense 4
Brand new D4 and while weather skins work, no clock skins will install
Wish u had a night or dock mode. Would rate 5 star then.
I bought it after reading how wonderful it is (including editor's pick). After i tried for a few days and think it's just ok. Weather information is basic. There aren't many widgets and most of them are far from being beautiful, toggle misses some functions. I feel i wasted my money...
Time doesn't update itself like it used to until I restart my launcher.
This is an awesome app, but I wont rate 5 stars until they fix the skin downloader. About 75% of the time when I try to download a skin it says its done but won't show up in the installed skins. Please fix it, its buggy as hell, and some skins wont download at all. It'll instantly say they're downloaded when I click download but they wont show up.
I think it's amazing but it lags my s3 a touch at times, not often though. Also could potentially add the 'timed vibrate' to go along with the 'timed silence'
Clock doesn't stay in sync since last update
I've been using this on all my android devices for years now and love it. But as of the update on 6/8/12 having issues with skins changing and not able to change back and currently my clock is not showing correct time. Droid razr on vzw.
Love it. Great looks, customization. But won't download about 50% of skins
Temp is wrong ....87° real feel 5°....fix this
Excellent app but the new update doesn't show the super clock anymore. Just the weather. On nexus s i9023 cm9 matrix kernel  Has the 4x2 Super Clock been fixed yet?
I love the options-esp the clocks & the addon wallpaper, but it takes up a lot of room! I would like to be able to remove the widgets I do not use.
Can't find an option for 2x1 weather, input anyone?
Nice app. My only request is that maybe you guys can put some animation in the clock. Like make them actually flip and things like that.
Only issue is that I just got a razr maxx and the day and location will not show on the 4x1 superclock. Worked fine on my droid 2.....
Since latest updates, it won't install skins anymore. Stuck with the black color scheme :(y please fix!!!!!
Ok your app is great, but before I paid & dled your app, I had a HD weather plus app already on my phone w/ the icon on my home pages. Ever since I dled your app to my phone, its been deciding what icons I can & cant have on my home pages!! It will keep deleting my icon for the HD weather plus, wtf?! Look I bought your dang app for the live background feature, if I want another app that gives me weather info thats my buisness! Fix this, its ridiculous that I have to say this...Samsung Galaxy S Vibrant.
samsung galaxy s 2
Love it!
But what's with all the updates lately?? Kind of annoying.
But what's with all the updates lately?? Kind of annoying.
Not bad but HD Widgets are the top dogs atm.
Excellent BUT... no humidity listing on the accuweather. Add it and it will be 5 stars all the way.
Nothing shows up in my widgets so I can't figure out how to add anything. HTC rezound
I have all the functionality I want with a great deal of options.  I think the only thing I would change is making the widgets go vertical or horizontal.
I love having the weather on my home screen and all, I just wish you had the option to add different weather services like weather bug to it instead of accuweather or Google. I use weather bug as my main source of detailed weather and I hate how the forecasts and everything differ between the widget and the app.
I can't download most of the skins. It said skin is downloaded, but it doesn't appear in installed. Something went really wrong with the last few updates.
I love this freaking app but my clock is broke as a joke! The superclock just keeps on freezing as soon as it loads up. Clock in notification keeps working but widget just freezes. FIX NOW
Now the update 4.10.4 it work's it's about time but only 4 star's because it take's the dev's to long to fix what they break.They should test it before they update it on the market and it would stop alot of these broken update's.They need to take a lession from there fellow dev's over at plume and open a private beta fourm to test the update before pushing it to the market.The update is working on the t-mobile samsung galaxy s2 os 2.3.6
It works and wondrously. Thanks.  GS2.
The weekend has taught me just how much I rely on the superclock widget. Back to 4 stars. If the next update goes smoothly I'll be happy to go back to 5.
I downloaded several weather skins, but they are not showing up under my downloaded list, although the standard list indicates "downloaded".
Works good
Thank you!
Took you guys long enough to actually get us a working update with a proper fix. Negative 1 star due to how long it took and the lack of proper updates.
Has issues with widgets at times  Droidx2
Finally, samsung smartphone users can rejoice and restore their smartphone clocks and backgrounds.  After 5 updates please give him or her a bonus/raise who finally fixed the problem they are a genius and plz thank them from us the customer :):):)
Been using this app since for ever! Please don't fix what just isn't broken again please!!
Overall a good application. But need some improvement on stability
Works great, very customizable.  Samsung Epic 4G
Please make this app movable to SD!
It works great except when I look at different skins the thumbnails all load to "My Gallery" photos.
Closing when attempting any changes to settings, preferences or appearances.
But the clock widget always starts off with the right time, but then falls behind..
I have used this app for over a year. After the recent update the battery widget won't work anymore. Samsung gs2 epic 4g touch.  Please fix it
Been using it for a few years now on different devices
Notification does not exist error is so annoying
Please can the 4x1 forecast widget icons display bigger? They've become so small...
Doesn't update weather anymore in widget or in notification bar.
The app was working fine until one of the recent updates. Now the Geolocation is broken; it displays the wrong location. Nexus S
can you just revert to two updates ago
I like ths app
Please fix. Touching time wont open clock on xperia s
The skins are what do it for me. No matter how many times I change the look of my phone,  there is a widget that goes right with it. Definitely worth a try if you're new to Android.
Really excellent with the latest update! Still hope you can add custom weather icons in the forecast
Would get 5 stars if it didn't occasionally go out of sync with the time on the phone and require the phone to be rebooted.
The superclock weather widget, mainly sizes 4x2 and 5x2, after the last two updates are smaller in width. They cannot be extended to the full width of the screen. Please fix.
Really like the widgets!
Awesome widget. I would like an option to toggle the portable hotspot though
Nice features
Works well looks good could be better though
Most recent update 5-31 fixed the weather issues. AsusTransformer Prime running ICS.
I can't open application. Please fix ASAP!
The interval updates have no effect.  Widget is not auto updating!  Fix.....help!!!
Very convenient
Latest update messed up the sizing of the widget on the Bionic. Please fix!
The details of this app say there's a 5*3 widget which is not true, there is a 5*2 widget.  I would love to have a 5*3 widget for my super clock on my galaxy note. Please see you sort this out.
Borked my clock skin. Everything is compressed. BW is the best widget app around, but please fix this.
Now super clock widget is broken. Fix ASAP.
Its ok, the Weather is not accurate
I like the skins but if they had the skins then apply color to the skin. If it was like this I'll give it 5 stars.
However new update made bluetooth toggle button look cut off at bottom and cant see name
This enables the user to customize so much, a must have app.
Force closes everytime I try to access my skins. Please fix!!
the mobile toggle would work... all pretty and all but I wont use it since I can't use the mobile toggle. Maybe next update
Last update deleted all my skins. Now there is just crap to download?
Last update caused the clock to disappear from the widget.....
Keep it the the it is.
Initial problems with an update breaking geo-location (Samsung Galaxy S2), now fixed.
Love it! Once in a while my weather won't refresh but it's still great.
Where is "share via…" button in new build?
Ever since update, geolocation is not working. It worked fine before update. Motorola Triumph.
Awesome app!!!
8 mb? Not everyone has a top of the line phone (EVO 4g) and memory is a concern. I would like to see sever weather alerts like on some other clock and weather widgets. The toggle widgets are are a nice touch and I like the finger silent timer one.
They really aren't that beautiful and they are very limited That's why I give low rating.
Any chance a contact widget will be in the near future?
Fabulous
New update breaks clock...   Would be nice to get more  updates for a paid app though.
I Love the 4x3 Tablet Clock, Please ad More, and Bigger Clocks and backup and restore would be awesome
Now all its doing is force closing whenever I open, and I have a Samsung Galaxy S2, please fix!
Bought this in the 10p offer.  Like it but, I like weather in celcius and speed in mph. This scenario is not possible, but it is with Fancy Widgets.
Need added: having the option to have the 4x1 weather widget display the moon phases instead of forecasted weather
SGNex
Love all the skins/themes & options!
I will give 5 star if there is animated weather.
This App is just awesome...best one out there by far.
Nice graphics, but sometimes does not update timely. Shows sunny while raining.
I tried everything to make it work, it just won't do it. Please fix. Other then that it's great.
Customizable. There are many possiblities for skin/theme choosing. Best widget app!!
Works flawlessly, but the only drawback is that you can't choose to hide specific elements individually. Checked out the devs website and found that it should be updated to include the feature soon! Great news! Once that's added, I will be changing my rating to 5 stars :-)
Simply the best
This is a great app.The only thing missing is daytime turning into night on the home screen.If this feature is added I will give it 5 stars
Been using it as my clock for years
I like.
This app make my cell overheated not good at all 1 star
Love the choices, just have a few wishes on my list.   #1: within the bw app, I can't actually access the market by clicking it. Have to close the app and open browser and Google it to get there. Would be nice if I could go from the app, to the bw market.   #2: all of the toggle buttons are fantastic, I have a suggestion for the silent, vibrate ones. I have been using a different one that provides all three choices in one toggle switch. (ring, vibrate, silent). If something like that was available, 5 stars.
Satisfied for the minimal cost
Customisable clean & accurate
Beautiful as promised! Minus 1 star for not having a calendar function.
Great app
The weather widget is too big now get back the 4-1
I like the widgets and all, but it's still missing some tweeks and some widgets!  I still have to use 2G-3G OnOff AutoSync OnOff Brightness Level   all from CurveFish   because Beautiful Widgets doesn't have them! (or in the case of Brightness, it only has TWO settings!)  Wish you could consider adding this widgets in future updates.  Other than that, it's a great app, love the Live Wallpaper and all the configuration options :)
But can you please get rid of the nag window for the animation? I don't want/need an animation when I open weather. It's really annoying.
Best one iv found.yet.
Great, but why no animated rain for thunderstorms? Why is there only animated lightning?
Great app but sometimes the clock does not update the time. 8:40 in the morning showing 21:45 at night. Please fix.
I've been using this for a few months and do like the widgets. However, I always get confused with the Home, Superclock and Today widgets - what exactly is what. Today, I have the need to see the weather of two places and I don't see any way to add two widgets with different places though the weather screen does have a way to see weather of multiple places with a swipe. Also, I observed that the weather of the place half-way around earth is wrong. The app shows sunlight whereas it is currently dark there!!
Used it for months and love it, wish there were a few more skins though.
This was exactly the widget set I've been waiting for.  Incredible customisation ability and great performance.  From one dev to another, you've really earned my respect.  That being said, I would really like to see a few things added:  - customisable padding for the date and weather text, since it goes right up to the edge of the background and this is inconsistent with the included ics widgets - a news or RSS reader widget - ability to change the font  Add a few of these and I would happily give 5 stars.
This is the best clock and weather widget but there's a small bug. We can enter multiple weather locations but they're not adjusted for the time difference. For instance, it shows sunny for the current location in the day time but also shows sunny for a location that is at night time.
Good customisation
Love this app, but I really miss a big weather-only widget, like 2 X 2 showing the weather and location only, no clock or date. Once we get this, it's five stars!
Great app. Loved it for my xperia x10i and still like it for my galaxy note. Could do with a wider weather widget tho.
I just wish for a battery percentage option within the home widget.
Weather location does not work with Google provider
Find it stalls the displaying of the home screen sometimes, not using it much now
I would like the option to "share" the weather forecast to facebook etc. when I open the widget. Thanks
Gooooooood
Can you guys do whatever you need to do so that the cache of clock skins doesn't show up in my gallery
Really awesome, perfect alternative to not having an HTC phone. So customizable. BUT I wish the clock, when tapped, would take me to alarms, stop watch etc... to get to clock stuff I have to enter app drawer =\
ics blue sc superclock theme time says am when pm and vise versa other than that love it! !!
Beautiful design. No led toggling, will not update when using juice defender
4 g toggle doesn't work on droid by ionic
When setting alternative program to launch when widget is touched, the application does not launch the selected app.  It still launched the default beautiful weather app.  Will change to 5 stars when fixed.  Thanks.  Running 4.0.4. CM9 SGH-I777.
only updates weather location using GPS instead of network so you have to have your GPS (using more battery) on if you travel to more than one city.  Please fix with option to update location without using GPS and will give 5-stars!
Gud but takes time to load when phone restart.
Geolocation bug fix gave me a geolocation error I didn't have before. Now unusable so i've uninstalled.
Good replacement for HTC weather widget, but wish there were animations when the weather is opened.
Even if you select metric / Celsius wind speed is still in MPH
The widgets are well designed,  and easily customised, the only request I would make of the developers is to have the option of choosing which widgets appear in the widget selector,  I only use two or three widgets, vans having to scroll past dozens to get to the ones I want is a little irritating.
Back to being a great program.
This app works well and meets all my needs perfectly. One small question, is it possible to make sunset and sunrise in relevant times for different time zones? They display in my time now.
Needs updated for the Samsung galaxy note, because when I tap the clock, it doesn't bring up the alarms, etc.
Im trying to change the home appearance but nothing I do seems to work, abd I have to really hunt down some of the settings too. The actual widget is awesome, but the programmers really need to organize things a bit better.
Animate the sun and moon according to their position dose not match with the sunrise and sunset time Please check it
This is an amazing application, that adds some of the best looking widgets to your homescreen, I love these widgets.
I wish it had better skins "/
runs great I set it up to update every six hours for weather so it don't run the battery down.
good app
Most of the time.
Love having the live wallpaper display actual weather.  Great for the inner geek.
I'd love it more if you offered a Calendar Widget with it too though.
Works as it's supposed to.
But no 7 day forcast
Great but took me awhile to figure out how to use it. Needs a better and simpler layout.
Still showing n/a. Please fix!!!! God damnit taking too Long
This rating is just for the Live Weather Wallpaper. Finally i found a very useful beautiful LWW i used go live weather wallpaper but it could not obtain my location for some reason and for just a few $ i found this and it is awesome. I just hope by the time i upgrade my phone they will have graphics that supporg 720p.
Can't load any new skins
Wonderful. Work well. Only complaint is that it keeps my phone from going into deep sleep because it always waking it up. Battery life still good but could be better
This is a great app and a good alternative to the stock widget on your phone. Offers loads of customisation and options but not as slick as the HTC Sense clock and drains your battery!
I'm genrally very happy with this and the ability to.download themes and designs to have a customized widget. The only thing holding back the fifth star is that that the lack of other features for the toggle widgets - such as a flashlight mode. Also, I wanted the ability to customize the toggle widgets - such as adjust brightness levels.
Only thing I'd say is newer/better wallpapers for live weather
Simple clean clock and weather widget. Works well, never had a problem.
U r instructed to log in to server to download additional skins but no matter what time of day or night a message days the server is not available. Until this is fixed I would not recommend downloading this app. I'm giving it a 3 because it was once a great app.
used to have an htc phone and this sort of widget was the one i really missed until bought this app (for 10 cents, which was a bargain)
I love this app. My only problem is my weather in my notification keeps disappearing. Or I would rate this 5/5
Wonderful now that there's a skin market. Recent update causes the clock to freeze about once a day on the HTC Incredible,  requiring a reboot to fix it.
after the update i cant refresh my weather
But for some reason the sun position and the moon is not right on the sky..it still sunny in ireland but the wallpaper is showing as if it was dark already..please fix it developers..
If you're jealous of the nice clock widget on the HTC phones, this is the app for you. It can't handle the flip clock animation like Sense can, unfortunately, so I stay clear of those skins. I have an ICS-inspired clock and it's great. It's called "ICS Clear" by Xerovius, if anybody wants to look for it. Highly recommended.
was missing the sense widgets until I got these, sorted
But one small problem... The toggle widget seems to force close the app. Would be great if this got fixed. :-) Other than that I have no problem with it.
Location can't be updated even with the last version. Keeps writing the same city wherever i go (other cities kilometers away). Galaxy S
Latest update keeps gps on all the time and effects my battery life significantly. Pls fix it thanks
Would love more scenes not just the grass type.
after so many bad updates, this one almost solved the problems.  The refresh interval now seems fine and according to what I set in the settings.  The geolocation also seems okay but sometimes it still shows n/a.
Awesome, but sometimes laggy
unable to locate .please fix.s2
Great selection of widgets! hands down the best widget packet on the market!  but if you're running android 4.0.3 the beautiful togel widgets do not work
Droid Razr , says purchased, error when installing.cleared cache, same thing.Ideas?
Makes my phone look personal.
Would have given a 5 if it also had BOM ad a source in Australia
Everything is fine except the battery widget is not accurate. Reads 100% when its actually 97%   Galaxy Nexus 4.0.4
Awesome
Weather Underground has an excellent API and better choices of weather stations that update more often. Would make app spectacular if you could add it as wx source.
Needs option to disable the silly animation. Instead, if you don't have the animation installed, it keeps harassing you to install it.
Would be 5 stars if this program also worked as a flux capacitor to charge my phone while in the delorean
Some of the widgets don't look great in landscape view on my tablet. Otherwise very nice.
Great app! But only four stars until the popup to download the weather animation is removed. I find it unnessescary for me and its annoying every time i open the app
So why pay?
Needs a Weather Alert icon that appears on the Widget!
awesome
Great app for android
These widgets look great and I prefer this to the stock widgets. The latest update fixed the location error which made this great again. Back up to 5 stars. Thanks for fixing this.
I paid 10¢ for this app & didn't think much of it,  until I started "playing" with it a little I fell in love with this amazing app.  The ONLY thing missing is the ability to get the weather AND battery info on the superclock widget.  PLEASE consider this option developers.
Darn ....  I paid 3 bucks for this app ....too bad I can't foretell the future :) overall its a good app.
Darn ....  I paid 3 bucks for this app ....too bad I can't foretell the future :) overall its a good app.
Beautiful widgets indeed
Update 4.04 came out on march 33th,  2012..... How exactly does that work?  :-P
I love these widgets, I have since I first started using Android over a year ago.  I just recently upgraded to ICR, and the Beautiful Clock keeps freezing up.  I don't know if it's a problem with the app or my OS - nothing else freezes up (so far!).  A clock that freezes up isn't much good to me, unfortunately.  Hope there's an update soon!
Would be perfect if it would show battery status AND current weather at the same time ... like miui does.
Was working fine til other day now won't let me change clock skin please fix
Some minor location services problems with Geolocation on Samsung SII Skyrocket but otherwise, works great & has amazing widgets!
I really do like the widgets that come with this, but to be honest, it isn't really that special compared to the other free widgets on the market. The themes are cool but again, nothing I couldn't really find for free. Bottom line, I would explore other widgets before buying this one.
Cool but cannot download skins anymore
I love this app!!! It is amazing... but at first it can be a little confusing how to get it working. But besides that it is awesome!!! C:
always read latest reviews b4 updating. i am not gonna touch that 'update' button until i seeing good reviews again. what is going on?? i like this app. whatever it is, hope its fixed soon
Works
Ripped it of the internet but liked it so much I decided to throw these guys a few bucks for the good work and buy it
I keep getting an error while downloading skins
Upgrades many of the factory widgets.
Geolocation is now working through network location, but GPS location is still broken. Would be five stars otherwise.
Was getting the dreaded "geolocation" error after updates but as of today got a temporary fix from Levelup developers: --- To fix the problem until the next update 1- Add your location manually 2- Activate location by network who provides locations easier. 3- Inactive "Force GPS" in the application  Once the cache has been populated one time, you could go back to your previous settings and shouldn't be annoyed by the notification. --- Once the update works will give 5 stars instead of 4.
It is a good app that I've been using since long enough but after the ICS update on SGS2, the superclock and the battery widgets stop refreshing sometimes, i.e. showing the wrong time-date and/or wrong battery percentage.   SGS2, rooted stock, LPQ
Was happy with till last update lost my favorite clock skin (superman w/ american flag) and a couple weather skins as well wish there was a note along with the update that you would lose things downloaded after update
Thanks for fixing the error!
설치누르면 구매하지않아 설치가 안된다고하네요;; 구매내역삭제좀 부탁드립니다
Love it
... the stock time/clock application does not open when clicking on the time. Would get 5 stars otherwise.
Geolocation is not always accurate to where I am.
Works PERFECTLY! Haven't discovered any bugs so far. I currently have the live wallpaper and clock running, so I'm, curious to see the battery drain on my device. Other than that, great app. This makes HTC Sense UI look 2001!
I love the live wallpaper
Awesome apparently :)
Clock still freezing up.  Please fix
They seemed to have fixed the location issues of old and now updates generally don't break the app. Pretty good widget but could add a bit more functionality to the weather.
Need some updates....
This widget is what it says "beautiful" nice to see the updates. No problems on my HTC Sensation 4g running ICS 4.0.3 virtuous Inquisition rom :)
Never had a problem before but recent geolocation bug fix has me getting constant notifications that my location does not exist. Annoying. Otherwise great product please fix. AT&T SGSII, stock.
Not very beautiful when used on tablet.   Licensing check for downloading skins is super annoying when have multiple google accounts on the tablet/phone. It just can't detect properly which account is licensed.   Why don't allow the user to choose account if the app can't detect properly.
Good
Best 10 cents in ever spent.
#1 Widgets app
Great Apparently and themes! Only thing I would change would be to add a brightness slider instead of toggle
It's coo..
My skin doesn't change on my MyTouch 4g!!!! Please fix
I love this and always have but for almost two weeks geolocation has not been working, now I don't know where blame lies but its ridiculous
great but showing wrong sunrise and sunset times for some places
I like this app, but not as much as crystalbelle
Have loved this for a long time. Nice and sleek, the ergonomics are wonderful for accessing calender, clock, and weather apps from the widgets... This last update killed it though. It won't load and is draining my battery and ram trying to do so... Hoping for a speedy new update to fix this
Needs animations
Works great on DROID bionic!
So what? Stop the notification!
no it is broken app store I had swiftkey free from amazon wanted buy x for 49c but no permission no help from Google or swiftkey. no choice now but find torrent. they makin me pirate
Can finally use my skins and I like it.
Best weather widget after problem fixed.
works great on my sensation with virtuous inquisition rom.  won't automatically update on my transformer prime.
Love everything about this app. A recommendation, let the weather notification icon in the task bar be customized (color and size)
4 stars because I would love to see 2 standard skins.  One for normal and one on robato for ICS.  Would also like to see date text skinable
Weather screens for locations in different time zones show sunrise/sunset times adjusted to the phone's current zone. Eg. Sydney has a sunset at 10.05am!! Sun and moon are displayed accordingly.
Uninstall and reinstall will fix geolocation issue.
Works good for the most part. Did notice that the temperature display on the clock/weather widget is cut off if you have your font set to large from the galaxy nexus accessibility settings.
geocache not working :/ samsung galaxy s captivate
I love everything about this app, but could you update this to adjust battery widget and size individually please? Otherwise it's perfect!
Thanks.
Please fix geolocation error, other than that a faultless app, highly recommend
If it had a 7 wide one it would be excellent for my hp touchpad. It looks great though! I like it.
The app says it saves and applies my battery widget, and clock settings, but does nothing in actuality. I want a refund. If this actually worked, I would give it 5 stars, because you can change a lot of the themes, really cool, but I want my money back.
Great widgets
Great !
The widgets are aesthetically pleasing, but customization options are severely limited.
Ever since the update the Superclock doesn't work on my Galaxy Note. Please fix!!! Love the application when it works.
Can you please add Weather Bug as a weather provider option?
Only problem I have is my phone has started to re start up to two or three times a day, never did it before latest update. Not sure if it's the Geo Location problem everyone else is experiencing. I've now had to remove the widget and so far no re starts. Please fix, SGS2
Google weather doesn't show location but accu weather does.  Notification for geolocation is coming up anyway.  Htc Thunderbolt.  Please fix.
Please fix ASAP - killing my battery!!! Getting ready to uninstall.
If you change the clock widget settings to show the battery instead of weather then u can't open the settings anymore to change back. Just opens battery
Love app. I but first time ever had problems with the app. I since update my geolocation messed up... Please fix asap
Geolocation not valid. Great app otherwise!
I really want to be able to use the weather in the pull down notification bar but not have the constant notification in the actual bar.
Clock does not sync up with real time???  everything worked fine a week ago.... bionic
Good app, but geolocation broke after the last update. I fixed the notification spam by manually adding my city, setting it to default, then removing geolocation from Locations.
geolocation doesn't work and there's no way to swirch the alert off. However,this is a lovely app despite the bug. I'm awarding 4 stars til the geolocation bug's fixed...
Love this app when it works. Fc whenever trying to change skin
Love this app when it works. Fc whenever trying to change skin
New update is hopeless. Touching on elements opens wrong app. What's so super about the super clock?
Best app for personalisation of your phone
The perfect enhancement to my phone
Love this app! After the update killed the weather I just restored it took it's prior glory. Really though fix the weather
Works now, but need to add humidity to accuweather.
I love this weather widget but some how the clock and battery widget not show correct time and battery level. I will give you 5 star when it fix
Please fix geolocation issue with latest update.
Add a mobile network toggle and I'll be thrilled
After update got to change couple things under the location to get it to work right again.
Widgets wont load on samsung charge. For a paid app it should be fixed asap.
Great widget, but be better if skins were all in the same menu instead of havin to go online to pick them out
Please can you make temperature in left corner of status bar a tad bigger. HTC Sensation
Beautiful but Doesn't refresh! Even with refresh on wake enabled and update intervals at 30 mins, i usually find the clock and weather 2+ hours behind.
Widget distorted after update..! Please fix;(
A must for all android phones. Four stars
New update doesn't show correct temperature. Please fix. Other than that luv it. Raza Maxx.
It would be great to have both weather and battery displayed in the super clock widget.
Fix?
Droid 4.  Would be 5 stars if there were more choices in color, font, etc...
No location. No calendar. reinstalled and now live background is all messed up. was nice until yesterday though.
Decent amount of skins available
It will no longer show my area it shows "N/A" please fix!!
Does not update for me automatically.  Have to refresh.  Other than that its a great weather app. Does not update.
.
G nex  rooted.
Love BW! At first, after the 14mar12 update it was confused about where I was, went into app and figured out how to fix, works just as great as ever!
How come every time i click on the weather to access the widgets config im nagged by the popup to download the animation package? I have them turned OFF and i dont think i should be required to fill my tablet with stuff i dont want or need. PLEASE get rid of this dialog if the option to use them is OFF then ill give 5 stars
No geolocation anymore!!!!
5 stars to 5x1 bweather. Galaxy Note ,guys.
Now it's not displaying my city name but the name of a city 10 miles away?  Otherwise it's a really good app.
Are back! Thanks!
Back to its best. Would give 5 stars of skin browsing was better.
Geolocation works on Accuweather, but not on Google.  It says I'm in the biggest city in my state.  Besides that, it's perfect.
To restart for weather to work after update... Other than that it's wonderful!
Please add an option to remove the state name, or at least use the abbreviation for the state. Geolocation worked after removing the widget and rebooting.  The state is too long for the widget, resulting in the state name being cut off.  Until this is fixed I am going to use something else for my widget, it looks too stupid and is embarrassing.
Geolocation broken in latest update.. showing Null.. please fix..
2x2 Beautiful weather widget, with date and location... would be nice, is there any way to customize?
It would be nice if there were better font options.
Not showing up downloaded skins.
I use this on my tablet and phone. I have my weather updated with funny icons - options are great.  I also have a weather live wallpaper, which is great. I even use my own images at the background - it just overlays the weather conditions on top of it! Does not drain power like other live wallpaper I have seen.
I just feel that it would better soo much betty,it there were mire frequent updates to the library of; clocks weather,widgets etc,but a great program non- the less
I do like this, but i wish you could have weather and battery percentage in one widget. I had another paid widget app that had that option.
Skins aren't showing up other then that its awesome
Great app but now the weather skins are not showing (folders of the skins are empty)
Can you please add the option to show the temperature in the status bar without having to also have the notification in the drop down menu.
Would be  a 5 star but it slows down system everything seems to be sluggish
Looks very nice but, I wish there were more options such as: -several clock skins per clock  -more customizable features -and more widgets  Very nice but for 2:99$ I wouldn't say its fully worth what I payed for I hope there are frequent updates =) Update 3 06 2012 I am hoping within the nest year they cab make an update to create some live widgets where they move Good app
I like the app, wish it gave better instructions.
Good widgets especially timed silence...keep up the good Wrk..
Great, but too many very similar options.  Just gets confusing.
More bloated, less customizable, less functional than most FREE apps.  Really sub-par   settings interface.  Just seems to get worse with every update (toggles stopped working).    I've had enuf - uninstalled.
This is the first time I have paid for widgets for my TF101 running ICS. I was expecting more professional-looking skins for the clocks and perhaps a few more sizing options for the weather. The live wallpaper is quite cool.   Things I would like to see: 1. a weather widget like a banner across the landscape screen 2. vpn  on the toggle widget
Love the app, but in the Beautiful Weather 4x1 widget, It shows the current day and then the forecast for the next 4 days. But the first day of the four is also the current day, wasting a day. Say today is Friday and the current forecast shows 64 with a high/low 71/37. Well then the first day in the next 4 is Friday also showing the same when they could start that with Saturday and show Saturday through Tuesday rather than Friday through Monday. It's just wasting a spot and space with the same info that is right next to it duplicating it. Please fix this.
Needs to have been updated for the galaxy note.
Been using this for years and it works great with many options. Just wish I could disablethe prompt to install animation package don't really need it
Great app. The ability to add multiple weather locations would be nice.
Its completely customisable with a huge variety of options and settings. Themes to fit every wallpaper.
Like this app, but the weather widget has issues with auto update.
Does a good job. Just wish I could have another widget assigned to another location.
It has a lot of the things I want and had for free on another phone. Now I want a weather widget that reports on any location I specify so I can see the weather in all the places where I have family.
This app of widget majesty is the greatest app of all time. It made my hair grow back after the war. Only drawback is that it won't make my tablet Optimus prime. Other than that, solid app
Time in super clock never updates. Hopefully there is a fix coming.
Works well, been using this for a while.
still no update to fix Galaxy Nexus display issues? Weather image in center still covers date and temperature.
Five stars if you can get rid of the little white spots on the wallpaper. Ahh see now you will see them every time. I know they are stars but during the day?  Still great work fellas.
Somewhat limited premium selection for a paid app. But still gorgeous.
I bought this on another phone and transferd it to this one; now it wont let me update it.  Samsung Galaxy mini
Calendar  - make ability to change colors for events - add color wheel .. I don't use my google or phone calendar for that reason. That would complete this app.     Otherwise  I love it!
More stable than that other one...you know the one
It works better now for Samsung Galaxy Note. Is it possible to include "Beautiful Weather 5x1" for this device.
With the price, I am expecting a bit more. something like SMS widget, call log widget maybe nice
A calendar widger wouod ve awesome!
Could use cooler looking weather
I like it. A little advanced, but has pretty much everything I wanted except two things I can't intuitively figure out (and I went through every configuration screen). How do I set it to show the clock / weather when the screen times out? (i.e., as a screen saver / clock when my tablet is docked) Where are the skins?! They are pictured in the preview, but nowhere to be found, not even in the "other by this developer" page.
Beautiful app, but please fix the time updates, it's insane one can only have it updated every 15 minutes.
Only have it for 5 day weather forecast widget. No good free ones.
Is there a toggle button available for turning on the phone's wireless hotspot? If not, could you make one? If there is, which is it?
But expensive.
Loving it since day one. All that's needed is HD widgets for my nexus resolutions please.
For example the 1 x1 battery widget is about 5 pixels below the rest of the icons in the row of the grid. Otherwise fantastic atop
No complaints. Great appearance and customizable.
Only wish it had a few more options, otherwise perfect. Droid Pro
This is simply awesome. One of the best clock weather Widgets I've seen.
The makers seriously need to work on some really nice designs. As mentioned by many others, majority of skins look like they were made in MS Paint.
clocks with retro style numbers like the "sense like" skin should have the flip over effect.
Not quite to the level of polish as HTC Sense, but one of the best Widget sets.
....
AWESOME, have used it since day one. An Android essential. Only thing needs app 2 SD enabled needs a 4x4 weather tho
I love this app, but its snowed at least 10 times since I've had it, and not once has the snow animation came. All I've ever seen are the clouds and sun. Kinda bummed.
Very good but since update the battery percentage has not been updating on samsung galaxy s2
I've recently noticed that the clock frequently neglects to draw the last numeral. For example, 4:20 will appear as 4:2
The weather sync has a lot of problems. Been 4 days since an update. Refresh does nothing. Needs more weather site choices.
I want to use the UK's Met Office for my weather service.
With newer stuff coming out from other concerns, it's time for the devs at Level Up Studios to innovate.
I am nit able to download any more skins plz fiz!!
I bought the app specifically for the 4x1 weather/clock combo, that part is absolutely fantastic. All of the widget options and skin options are great. What keeps this from a 5/5 is the lack of multiple city weather support. I have to keep my BeWeather widget to handle my other quick view locations. If it had multiple city support, it would have been a perfect 5/5.
GPRS Data switcher does not work on Google Nexus One :-( The rest is excellent!
Great app for weather and time, battery widget isn't very accurate though, sgs2 on o2 firmware - android 2.3.6
I'd give this 5 stats if somehow weather alerts would be integrated not only on the forecast page but in the notification drawer.
Love this app.  It's smooth, seamless and looks great.  Only wish it had a few more options other than clocks and weather.
Tapping the days for forecast does not work. Takes me to screen that thanks me for downloading.
Use it on my phone and tablet all the time.
Awesome app, just wish there were a sense like people widget
Quite a few skins cause immediate crashes, and the pack could use a brightness slider, an LED toggle and Internet sharing toggles. Very nice customization options, though.
Pretty good, worth the money! I do have one complaint, the weather live wallpaper, the night sky is not that blue, needs to reflect the real night sky, the current version is 'too blue' doesn't look real. hope y'all realize it and fix it. Other than that, good app.
HD Widgets ftw
Need to incorporate hourly weather into widget like weather channel app. The only beautiful choice is the main graphics all the other choices are pretty ugly. Otherwise this app for weather is amazing. The clock and date widgets were too ugly for my taste, but again the animation graphics for weather are worth the download.
Best clock/weather widgets I've tried. Would like too see additional weather services added at some point.
Excellent app. Just badly needs a calendar widget!
I want them to have more cute characters!
Missing one star because 4g toggle wont work on HTC evolution 4g (CM7.1.0)
Will give 5 stars if widget can notify me when there is a weather advisory near my location.
Would get five stars but the sliders for choosing color are awkward. There should be an option to enter exact hex codes.
The beautiful clock weather is always centered. Is realy ugly
These are excellent widgets except the time does not show correctly..... S2
Is there any way to get more options like fancy widgets has?  I like that you can change the weather screen and have more animations like windshield wipper and so on.  Option to change the font on the clock as well.  It seems to big to me.  Other then that its a nice package.
Seems there are a few things missing: no alarm on the clock, slows down system. Galaxy S II
Latest update keeps force closing on galaxy nexus, hope they can get ics figured out. My favorite app
Needs more layout options like go weather with the 3D layouts...also includes sense and others as well.  Other than that, it's a very good widget set.
Vers nice on galaxy nexus. Please add some ics style button and battery skins! Make widgets resizeable instead of having so many different sized ones for ics.
Let user choose other weather apps..
Would have gotten 5stars if not for the weird clock size
Thanks to crowd-sourcing, this app is probably with paying for.
go buy fancy widgets if you really want a better variety. by the time I got dobe setting it up I couldn't refund. depressing that I have to keep it now...
Would be a 5, if I could pick text color by entering a hex value.  I like my stuff to perfectly match.
The temp notification is way too small! I don't need glasses but I can hardly make out an 8 from a 9 with just a quick glance. Maybe allow that to be customizable- because I know everyone has their own preference!  -Galaxy Nexus
Love it. You should add a calendar widget
Seems to flicker a fair bit on my galaxy nexus / ics, but still fantastic.
I took off HTC Sense on my evo and needed a clock. This is so much better than stock. Its worth the $$$.
4G toggle widget compatible with Verizon LTE
Battery widget doesn't update unless I restart my phone.
Love the weather animations. Cant figure out how to get the separate add ons to work tho. May just be user error! Using on Galaxy Nexus.
I only have an issue with the unlock animations, which I have written about that in my review of the animation package.
Love this asp, but wish the moon animation showed the correct phase. The app does show moon phases so not sure why they haven't done this anyway!
Awesome weather widget
Wish people would send dev emails asking for 4 digit time option.08:00 looks much better then 8:00 on the widget
In prior update it was perfect size, but now it's almost unreadable. Otherwise, love this widget.
I love using this for the clock widget then combining it with beweather is really nice for animation. Other than the clock features the other stuff is kind of stale, wish it offered more functionality like Widgetsoid. Hey you can't get them all now.
This is great but needs app to sd as near 5mb file.
Love all the options and the power widgets. Only wish you could show battery percentage as part on the clock/weather widget. But nonetheless nice to have customization of the stand alone one.
The latest update caused the temperature in the notification area to use a really small font. It was perfect before.
Everything looks nice and works well. Only complaint is the toggle switches have their own style and don't match ICS.
Please update the 4g widget to toggle LTE on the galaxy nexus
Great if you want clock, weather or battery widgets. HUGE selection but a bit tricky to navigate all the menus. And only 10p!
Overall I love this app. But I'd love to have resizeable widgets. Also, one of my favorite widgets, the 4*1 Beautiful Smaller Home Widgets, is oversized on my Nexus S, leaving no margins on the left and the right side, which makes it look a little ugly.
Working better than my HTC weather clock at least. It wont even give me a local location. Keeps defaulting to UK. At least this widget seems to work.
Pretty good, does what its supposed to do. But I only bought it because it was 10 cents.
Hi,  I just update My Nexus S with ICS 4.0.3 and When I press on "alternate Geocoder" It's doesn't work!  Any update how can I enable it?  Best,
Battery does not refresh properly galaxy s2. please also don't give a bad impression of how much battery is left while charging
When ever there is supposed to be a 0 in the time on the clock it is missing.  So 550 ends up being 55
Easily some of the best widgets available. That said, I'm disappointed that the size of the temperature in the notification bar is so small after the last update. Next to useless without my glasses now.
Good, but please make an option for the notification font size. Bigger was better...just saying...
Fix the font size of the notification temperature on the top bar. It was perfect but since I updated this morning the font is so tiny, its hard to see
It's nice but HTC's widget are better than these that are available. Why replace it with something that is already there. HTC Amaze.
Temp. on notification bar too small, and ability to change background color/visibility would be cool.
Nexus ICS
Not too thrilled with the smaller notification. Why not a setting for the user to define?
I actually prefer the big size temperature font in the notification area before this update. It's do much easier to see. please make it an option.
Good
Still THE Best Weather App on the Market. Dev const updates. Totally custom & so many choices of skins & clocks.
Still can't download any home skins after the last two updates.  Can anyone help?
But to small font in status bar since last update. Samsung Galaxy S2.
Nice widgets, love the clock/weather widget on my sgs, takes me back to the good old HTC. Would love to have an alternative screen unlock widget tho?
This app has been pretty good but would still like to see it moveable to SD card
If only the 24h clock showed 00:00, 0:00 just looks wrong..
Overall this is an awesome app, however the latest update reset the temperature notification on the notification bar to the older smaller font.  The larger one recently introduced was SO much better.  Can we please have the larger font restored?  That would make this a truly 5 star app
Thanks
Best thing I've ever downloaded but I don't understand y'all changed the temperature notification it's way to tiny I liked it the old way...
Great app shame about changing the notification bar temp going back to old one, liked the  bigger one on last update.
Bring back large notification font! The people have spoken!
I like the volume of information provided. An attraction was the large font size in the status bar. Now type is really small and hard to see.
Works well.
Minus one star for making the notification too small for GB!  Make it a little bigger please!
Went back to previous version on Supersonic (EVO). Fix this please. Otherwise terrific app.
Boo temperature notification size gone small again after latest update. Awesome app tho.
I dont see 5X3 with latest version as mentioned in 'whats new' section.  Also the location is not automatically updated, even when i have selected forced use GPS.  Otherwise its excellent.
One needs a microscope to read the notification temperature with the latest update. Please make this customizable..
Loved the larger numbers in the notification bar anyway to make it an option to please everyone?
Why did dev make the notification temp numbers so small? Not worth having on the notification bar now. Make size and option.
Love it but sometimes a little much finding widget you want
yet there seems to be something off between geolocation and notification updates! -SGS
Sometimes hangs my nexus s .but apart from it , the app is awesome .. love it.
Works great. I like that the weather knows what town im in. The google widget that came on my phone doesn't	Work anymore so glad urs does
Working...
Working...
Great app, but I was getting almost two days without a charge and drained my battery in just over a 1/2 a day, I'm using Galaxy s2 Skyrocket don't know if this is a common problem , until they fix this I'm uninstalling it ... But worth the Money, except for the battery
A great set of widgets.
I like this app a lot. But i would like to see Weather Bug as a weather option.
For $.10 it's worth it but anything more forget about it. You get 15 widgets of different sizes to choose from, 6 weather widgets, one widget you can assign to toggle 11 different functions (bluetooth, gps,ect), so I guess technically you get 22 widgets.  A handful of clock widgets but you can put hundreds of skins on the clock widget. Nothing to get real excited about.
Hi.  I bought this since I wanted a good looking set of toggle widgets since my xperia play does not come with an airplane mode toggle widget. I downloaded the one from the appstore but its icon is ugly. The one on this one sets the phone on airplane mode, the bad thing is the phone can't recover after disabling airplane mode. I can't get any signal until I restart the phone. Kindly fix this.
Very nice widgets. Would get 5 stars if there were a few more widget variations
weather widget! I assume the clock is good too. Never used that bit though
Best on the market.
Its nice too be able to set up cool widgets on your homescreen. I like the numerous options.
I would like the weather effects to be worked on so they are like the htc models.
Nice, but thought there would be more widgets to choose from.
Great widgets but should be consistently cheaper
Please make forecast screen adjustable so you cant see your home screen!!!!!
Good app. Could use a little updating on weather aspect, but other then that it is excellent.
Great looking widgets for my home screen, but sometimes weather location is not detected successfully in the middle east
When using the live wallpaper animation over a custom background it makes the background shift choppily while scrolling through screens.
Right now I'll keep the Sense widgets, but I bought this in case my next phone isn't HTC. The best you can install on a non-HTC device.
for .10 I'll  keep it for when i upgrade phone and have lots of space for apps.  LG Op V
Great app, love that it has the small home widget. Only 4 stars because of some pretty ulgy looking skins
For some reason I keep going back to fancy widgets.   I like having the battery life integrated into the time, weather widget.
Good, nice though not that many options, different types of widgets
I installed it on an asus transformer and works great. If you install restart the tablet and they show up. This is a known thing with the transformer and wedgets. Thanks for the app
Works great on my GN, maybe some different/updated themes wouldn't go a miss but considering how long ago I paid for this I wouldn't expect anything for free.
The widget to change the close clock if won't do it. But over all it are great.
But why did the temperature font increase in the notification bar after the last update? Really looks ugly now... had to disable the notification altogether. The tiny font was just perfect, now it's even bigger than the default clock font. As soon as a setting lets me revert back to what it was I'll give this app a 5th stars :)
Widget will not load since update, I love this widget please fix HTC thunderbolt.
my supervisor clock weather not same as your screen shot,  how to setup that?  htc desire
Love this app. No trouble with Droid Charge.
Nice widgets, only hitch was 4g widget is for sprint only.
Working and liking it
App
Fixed it!
My custom built in weather widget is better than this crap
Good app
It has massive variety!
Emotion of weather not working in th widget, rectify soon
If I turn my phone off then on again the wigits disappear and cannot be put back, they're stuck in loading. The only fix I've found is un-in installing BW and the animation plug in, then restating my phone and installing it all again. Please fix this, I do love your app. I'm on a nexus s with android 4.1.1
Love it but needs to fix landscape view for it cuts off the day, date, and city
Very good!
Very good!
Awesome selections, so many to choose from! The weather animations are so cool! 5 stars
Just what I was looking for. Excellent!!!
My favorite of this category
Great widgets since the G1 cupcake days!
I have used this app for a while. Its my favorite! Although this update i cant select options for some of the widgets (impossible to change themes, etc) hopefully it will be fixed soon though, thanks!
No need to 4 star I have no problems
Awesome
I re-installed the apps on Xperia Arc and works fine on both :-)
Works great
Works great
It is beautiful and alot better than all the others
Works well.
Legit
The newest update will not show the clock. It only shows the weather no matter how much I resize or remove and replace. Trying to use the 4x2 super clock ://:/
This developer cares about the product. Whenever problems arise, they are quickly resolved.
It updates beautifully and isnt a full hog even on older devices. Did i mention the kirby/old school nes skins? I didn't? Well thats worth the price of admission alone  Great job guys!
The best app ever!
Good app
Love the widgets plenty of skins. Now if they would come out with a launcher.
This developer has a keen sense on what we want Never buggy nor irratic. Rock solid apps that works flawlessly. Try his live weather wallpaper app, you will be amazed ! All his apps work dynamically in real time Thanx to the developers. I would gladly pay you (beers, whatever) for the fine work you have done!   Just wanted to show my amazement and appreciation.
Worked great until my DROID razor max. Software update to ice cream software now I cannot open widgets on my phone.
Excellent app.. It is always there to beautify my galaxy s
Great works fine
Flawless
Works great!
New string of updates are preventing phone from deep sleep. Better battery stats shows 30 wakeups in 28 minutes of phone being unplugged.
Nice app, visually great
This widget is great. Never had a problem with it!
This is the first widget i install when resetting phone or buying new one. Everyone should have this!
Completely customizable widgets of varying sizes, styles and information. Looks great!
I love this app, but after the ics update on my epic 4g touch it doesnt seem to be working properly. Clock doesnt work weather doesnt update ect.
Very happy with it. 8 months going strong!
This pack is worth the money. The Widgets work fine, they actually look very nice (no ugly cheap plastic themes by default), and it has an intuitive interface for customizing them, along with quite a few good skins. The animations on the app are also very smooth, and it takes little to no power in the background, along with very low ram usage.
This is the best App I may have gingerbread but this App alone makes up for the fact that I don't have ISC. If you're saying the App is too difficult or something similar to that then you're not very bright this App is very easy to use five stars all the way
Good
A MUST have on my main screen. It's that good. Versatile and beautiful on my Galaxy Note and Nexus 7.
At last its working again after the force close cr*p post update Still my most liked and used app R/J HTC desire
This app has a wide veriety of different style clocks and really brings out the beauty of android.One super clock doesn't even fit on a whole homescreen
You've got to see it to believe it :-)
Based on the comments it would be in my best interest to update yet.  I would suggest making two versions of this to avoid detrimental changes.  Even use an activation code for those who have to switch because of their Android version upgrade.  Also, the widgets should receive live panel compatibility instead of crowding the widget drawer. Just a thought, not a criticism.  I love the app and wanted to be helpful to the team.
Best clock app on PLAY.
Its wonderful works like a charm HTC Vivid
Its wonderful works like a charm HTC Vivid
Its wonderful works like a charm HTC Vivid
Need to be able to control what widgets show on the add widgets list. Too many around crowding out a lot of space.
Great!
Love it.
Great tbat the skin crash has been fixed now my favourite app
Nice graphics! Easy on the eyes!
Its a great app but it doesn't display all of the whether it only displays sunny cloudy and night thats it you all should really fix that cause its more than just sunny cloudy and nighttime
Imo, best out there.
Imo, best out there.
You guys are awesome! This app does everything i want it to and then some! Keep up the good work and maybe you could make a flashlight widget to go with the rest of the others!
Nexus S - when you power cycle phone I lose all widgets. Running smooth as silk until jellybean update.  Please fix and I rate 5
Issue with widget skins on galaxy s3.
All of the superclock backgrounds are transparent
I really like all the options for clocks and weather Widgets and the weather has been very accurate.The live wallpaper that can be run with this is cool too,fun stuff that works great.
Well worth the small fee!
TOSHIBA THRIVE!!!  WORD.........
Great app. A must have on my devices
Every time I restart my phone, the smaller weather home widget is half the size. I have to delete and re add it. Very annoying when everything else is flawless!
Works perfectly...
Looks beautiful on my Galaxy S 3
WORKS. Very attractive.
Latest update fixed every thing thanks a bunch for the fix. excellent dev.
Love the many customizations!
The recent update fixed the jellybean bug. Thank you. This app is great. I tried out HD widgets and Fancy widgets and I have always came back to Beautiful.
Exactly what I need for my home screen.
Amazingly customizable. Easy to use.
Was working great until I updated it. Now, when attempting to change appearance for clock, weather or battery, says there is a problem and force closes. This app has been great until now. Please fix!  Update 8/3: New update took care of force close issue! Thank you for fixing it! Now 5 stars for a great app!
Great app!
Amazing widget
Best weather app, but made redundant by Google Now's Weather card. Unfortunately, it's no longer useful to me.
Only needs a functional flip clock
Great app, but would be really good if the app would refresh automatically when you tap the weather icon to look at the current temp and forecast.
AWSOME tye
Great app. Love it.  A must have for widget lovers.
Crashed.. On Galaxy s 2.. T-mo..
Worth every Penny!
Simple and functional a must buy for a classic android look and feel.
Best app world
This weather app is perfect so far
After update doesnt let me change the theme...  Even with the last update... Pleaze fix asap..
Works great!
Works great on the galaxy 3
samsung galaxy latest update fixed all issues. ie clock not changing. thanks again.
Beautiful widgets is my go to clock and weather widget on my phone but not tablets.
Had it for over a year now worked out all the new updates and I love it
Great app worth the buy
Great app worth the buy
Everything is good again
Asks for a lot of permissions but is anything but malicious. Can be a resource hog at times but that likely has more to do with skin developers that the core app itself. Recommended.
Nexus 7 and Verizon Galaxy Nexus run smooth as ever. THANKS ALOT!!!!
Best
Works perfectly on my xe. Lots of things to mess about with. For the price you can't go wrong. 5 stars....... After update,  4x1 weather icons have shrunk.....
Definitely one of the best purchases yet! Buy it, you won't regret it!
Better then the basic widgets
Widgets work wonderfully, I love that it stores weather data offline and how there are so many widgets that come with it. Highly recommend and worth paying for.
Been really happy with my purchase. Best clock/weather widget I've had.
Best weather app by far. Some people just need to be more tech savvy.
Currently 2242 but the clock says 2210. This keeps happening.
Currently 2242 but the clock says 2210. This keeps happening.
Best clock/weather widget in the market. Ben using this for 2 years now
...as always.
Edit: Restarted phone (my bad) everything is GTG. Added after latest update. Now,centering weather icon doesn't work. Ya killing me.   Alot of the clock skins don't work any more. Droid Razr Maxx.
Love it. Useful and works!
Does what it say, as it says.
nice
Can customize my phone so much to match any theme I decide to flash. HTC TB with Bamf Forever
I've been using BW for quite some time now and have always found them to be brilliant. To all those complaining, you can customise widgets with new clock/weather skins to appeal to your tastes. Saying that, I would love some new widget styles in the future. Keep up the good work guys.
Works fine just the way it is. Thanks to all the negative comments about the update, I'll keep it as is.
Used to show day and date no longer shows me the date on the weather 1 x 1 widget
I love this app!
I guess I'm the only one not having issues. No crashes, widgets change just fine. Geolocating works just fine. The only issue is that some of the widgets are poorly rendered, but you don't know till you download it and apply it. Other than that, it's been great for me. ICS 4.0.3 on HTC Vivid.
I'm getting FC's anytime I try to download skins on my Samsung Vibrant
If you take advantage of the massive library of skins to download it's well worth it!
Awesome widget.I'm feeling my phone as lively as a toy.
one of my must-have apps. worked flawlessly before the latest update. FCs when changing skins and the Accuweather location service works intermittently
This app is brilliant well worth the money
This makes viewing my home screen so much more enjoyable. Large clock/weather/calendar makes it easy to read.
No issues here on Galaxy Nexus, or Nexus 7 on Android 4.1.1.  I'd request a widget to force syncing data for all accounts or specific ones. Would be great for tablets.
A staple for two years. Must have.
After some more updates it's once again working great!
I absolutely LOVE this app.... the prob is this... for about the past week or more, I cannot change weather or clock skins. When I click to do so, I get an error then force close. I have 2 questions.... 1) does anyone know what's causing this & what can I do about it...and 2)How do I reach the developer? Thanks in advance for any help :)
Widgets disappear after reboot on jelly bean.
Best weather app by far.
Amazing App And Nice Clock And Great Animation Orange HTC Desire
Works well on Jelly Bean on Nexus S
Galaxy S, Droid X, Droid charge, Droid bionic & Galaxy Nexus.
Eh, it's okay. Oh my, I just noticed the 1x1 weather widget. I am in love!.
Great app!
Update 4.03 broke my geolocation. Also the home time doesn't update. Once these are fixed, 5 stars!
Thanks for fixing the last release. Still one of my favorite paid apps.
Every phone I get I have to install this, its amazing. I can't understand how so many people have problems with it, it even works perfect on my G1
For whatever reason I really dig the look of my home screens,I've bought over 20 live wallpapers and 3 other paid widgets beside this one.The widgets I can justify a bit because of their usefulness,but the lwp are just eye candy.Beautiful widgets has been a great addition,my favorite clock theme simply says Ken next to it??Wish I could give out better info for it to give them credit.Overall,5 stars all the way,awesome app that's worked perfect for a few months now:-)
Werewolves of London!
It's a highly customizable clock, definitely recommend
Wicked app and all issues addressed and fixed. Thanks guys
The updated version is very smooth and nice... Especially good for phone like Nexus S with pure android experience...
Good widget
A lot of the themes are not that great,but otherwise a must have app
Everything works nicely. This update fixes problems with disappearing downloads. Good job guys!!
Best paid app on the market. The animations are great, toggles are nice and thr home widget is a must have.
Toggles do not work on Jelly bean
Looks like they addressed the problems from the last update, and now everything works. Keep up the great work ^_^
Please fix geo location.  Other than that the best fuckin app
All ok     :-)
Your Android device is not complete until you have Beautiful Widgets. An absolute must have. Been a user since my Nexus One, and will be a user for a long time.
Great
Great
Back to being the top app of its kind
Exellent
The best combination for clocks, toggles, and battery widgets.
Fixed issues with transparent list on galaxy s3. Thanks BW for such a quick fix.  I wish other app developers responded as fast as you guys do!
great app love it
Great!!!
No problems at all EVER!
Great clock/weather app.   I wish there were different layouts available. Maybe someday.
Nice display
Well that didn't take long, thanks, fixed  the clock skins for me and back to it's usual gloriousness  yay
Latest update fixed all skin issues. Very happy.
Awesome. Thanks for fixing those clocks skins so quickly.
Update fixed. Downloaded skins are back.
I have this app on my phone and my tablet and haven't had any issues with the last update. FANTASTIC!!
I love this....!!!!
I don't like the recent update..All the alignment mess up. I'm using 4 x 1 size. Now my clock and fonts are messy... Please fix it..
No problems before today...  now the 4 x 2 super clock widget is changing layout after a bit on Nexus 7.  Otherwise love this app!
Really nice touches make this so useful. Yes sometimes I forget how to get around the interface but it's really not a deal breaker.... It's like several applications in one and justifies the price. Definitely pick this one up!
Never failed to disappoint. Look great on all my devices and kept up with everybody else entering into the market later.
Awesome wallpaper really fun and helpful...
Beautiful weather widget, I love it but it shows sundown and sunrise about 3 hours before the sun rises and sets.
I like it. So many skins to choose from. So far, no problems on my Galaxy S3.
I love Beautiful Widgets whenever is change my wallpaper the customisation allows me to have things feels as though they were a theme.
I have had this app forever. Now I am gonna write this. Title says it all. Love the new update, too, as some skins wouldn't download. Now that's fixed.
Great app! In the date format, pls add option to have abbreviated day of week and fully spelled out month and vice versa. Thanks!
Downloaded skins disappear after a short while. SGS3
Does what I need it to. :3
I have used it since I got my galaxy nexus awesome on battery.
Time is wrong
Love this app on my HTC EVO. No problems so far.
nicely done great good
with the issues of clocks not downloading or showing as current. Now after update the weather ones are not downloading or showing as current.
Finally fixed the not being able to download some skins. Thank you
I LOVE THIS AP
Have been using long time...this updates messes up battery percent of battery widget when in dock bar of apex launcher...android 4.0...worked great before update.
Time does not work, widget just freezes up.
Works great
One of the best apps on the market! 5 stars! Amazing work. I'd pay double what you're charging. This is what top quality apps are all about!
One of the best apps on the market! 5 stars! Amazing work. I'd pay double what you're charging. This is what top quality apps are all about!
No problems at all.  I wonder if folks ever bother to email the dev if they have a problem since the dev cannot post to issues here!?
These guys are on top of things! Keep it up!!
Great selection of clocks and weather
Ive used ths app for a vwry long time.
Too bad I can't use any toggle widget on my Nexus 7 tablet, it force close immediately
Please fix geo... atrix
Great app for me over the last 2 years.    <buy paid apps ..support android devs>
Was great but I am now unable to change the widget settings. I get a message telling me to go to settings via the weather page but widget settings are not available. Very confusing. Also the clock skin will not change unless a specific root is used to access the settings. Very clunky  :-( I really hope the developer can fix this soon.
Regardless of what most people tend to nit pick over interface, nothing has came close to the various themes of clock widgets. If this isn't your cup of tea, try hd widgets. But doesn't compare since I always switch back to this wonderful widget :-)
Regardless of what most people tend to nit pick over interface, nothing has came close to the various themes of clock widgets. If this isn't your cup of tea, try hd widgets. But doesn't compare since I always switch back to this wonderful widget :-)
LOVE ITB-)
Dude wtf?! Geolocation hasn't worked for months...works with all other apps so its not my phone. Tried to contact developer a.n month ago still nothing...I want my money back
This has worked fine for me
This has worked fine for me
Not as good as it seems and not as beautiful as it seems. Limited customization available. Boring & repetitive recommendations in app themes
Works great on my Nexus 7 tablet with Jelly Bean 4.1.1!
Set no background and your temps float on your wallpaper! Needs wind chill and humidity readings.
As the name says Beautiful Widgets.!
Awesome. Love it and worth every penny
Please add 4x3 widget that uses the third row for the 5day forecast. I'm currently using the 4x2 and the forecast widget separately and there is redundant info (also it only shows 4 days).
I've been on Android for 5 years. This app has made it's way onto every phone since. Looking for customization? This app will transform your home screen into a personalized UI that you can fall in love with. Top 5 in my opinion
luv my BW
Will only tell me the weather starting Friday, two days ago since update
Works well auto updates on schedule. Haters are wrong
Works great.  HTC One X.
love this widget!!!!! it's not juz can download theme on web, it can even make a clock by ur self too!!! wonderful!!!!
If u have a battery on your clock widget you can't go to widget settings and not even on a weather widget alone. What are you supposed to do? Take down the widget and put up a new one just to get to widget settings?
Cool
Can't complain..its the best out there and beautiful.
Works great, as with most all.other apps a reboot helps after an update. So far not one problem, moto RAZR MAXX . Best money spent....it's good but lame excuses for toggles.
I LOVE this app!
Goin on 4yrs now. Nothing else out there i want.
Love this! !!  Have tried others but since I've gotten this app have not wanted to try anything else.
Was hesitant in buying, but I'm very satisfied
Was hesitant in buying, but I'm very satisfied
Very nice app and eye candy good work highly recommend
Multiple choices for clocks/weather... nicely done. More skins!
I love these. So many looks to customise your phone.
Would like to see it add seasons would also like to see a 4x4 widget with the current condition at the top center and the 4 or 5 day forcast along the bottom (like it appears when you open beautiful widgets weather)
One of kind.
The best. A must have for any android
Widgets work great and never hang up or quit working. These Widgets do not drain battery excessively.
I love it, but it makes development very annoying. Can you please fix your null pointer exception. The logcat is driving me mad.
Showing 1° temperature! o_O?
Needs more sense like clock widgets
Slowing down my s3.  Had to turn animations off.
Please fix small screen lay out.  Can't see temperature since ics  update.  Love this app
The super clock is the best feature.
I have been rocking this on my home screen since I got my first Android phone a few years ago and don't see that changing anytime soon.
With the new ICS update for the Razr the current temp is cut off the bottom on all Home Widgets. Needs to be updated. Other than that this is one cool app. Well Done!
Had to uninstall due to excessive battery usage - almost 30% of my total with wifi and 3g both enabled. I hope it is just bad build...
I have outward installed this many times on all kinds of different roms and I have never had a problem, it always works perfectly.
Love these widgets
I want to know what happened to all the burning transparent skins those were my favorite now there gone
Great app
Nice app w/gorgeous skins. The shortcut customization is a great feature as well.
Great collection of widgets  for amy Android device out there.
Great app
Simply beautiful.
It is pretty good
I know its early, but toggle widgets aren't working in 4.1
Accurate, fun widget. Needs to not show old time /date momentarily, when brought out if sleep, but other than that, great widget
Please add binary clock skin for ICS Nexus. Love this app.  Please improve layout for the Galaxy SIII. Thank you.
After last update, clock freezes after waking up from sleep/locking. Widgets not working also. Was the best until now. Plz fix. SGSII.
Amazing app. Enormous amount of skins and customization compared to fancy widgets.
Definetly the best of its kind on the market and has been for a while. Ive tried them all and this wins hands down.  Except lately its been showing the moon during the day and the sun at night. Back to five stars once fixed.
Best clock and weather widgets available.
Still the best!
Glad I bought it
PLEASE BEAUTIFUL WIDGET PEOPLE!!!!!!! The only thing you lack is sound with the weather animations. I had an HTC fone it was so cool to hear the rain as it fell down the screen or hear the lightening as the bolts were shooting down the screen. I REALLY MISS THAT EVERY TIME MY FONE WOKE UP. PLEASE TRY TO MAKE AN APP FOR THAT. If there is 1 someone please let me know.
Got this for the 5 tile wide weather/clock widget. AFAIK the only weather widget that fills the width of the screen on the Galaxy Note.
Need higher res though for galaxy s2 and hour by hour weather saved to phone
My favorite clock widget
Keep it coming folks! Keep it coming!
1000's of themes to choose from. Highly customisable. Thankyou developers.
The only widgit I need
Works again! Back to being my favorites widget.
Excellent app, full of widgets and widget skins.
After I lock my phone and come back 20min later the clock stays on the same time before I locked it. (Ex) I lock my phone at 4:00pm and unlock it at 5:00pm the widget still shows 4:00pm even tho it's 5:00pm. Please fix the geolocation is still broken. I have a AT&T Galaxy Note. Stock  Edit: still broken 5/30/12  Edit: Still broken 6/22/12
Too complicated and not enough widgets to chose from
Too complicated and not enough widgets to chose from
Who decided that the widgets would be solid? I'll have to go into setup and see if it's me... OF Curse it's me! I have good transparency where I want it... Now if only the widget would quit crashing my Lenovo A1-07 Tablet (love the tablet, after installing Nemus Launcher and Beautiful Widgets).
I love the animations for when I unlock my screen! That's the only thing I missed about my HTC phone but now I have it! Great App!
Love it
My phone is far better for the inclusion of such a flawlessly pretty widget set. Offers all I need at a glance with superior customizability. I highly recommend this.
I love it .
Always changing with the weathered
I love this  widget. It's so elegant.
Wow I see you really care about your customers and your product. I have been reporting a force close issue for weeks now and still no fix.  I have droid x and when you try to open weather thru widget it force closes.  I really depend on this app but am ready to uninstall!
Great replacement for the HTC widget.
I got it to replace the boring Samsung weather widget and others nd the GPS works amazing nd Its really accurate at times which means it was well worth the money
When it loads, it works fine. Half the time it won't load on startup and then won't load when I redo the widget.
Minions battery widget!
For some reason my HTC sense stopped working with weather animation.  This works great!
When inset the widget on my RAZR Maxx it just sits there and loads without appearing and when it does the time does not change.
My favorite weather widget and superclock widget... always the center of my main screen
went from working great on evo 2d for sprint to clock not updateing and widgets getting froze on att htc one x.
Quick fix was upset cause it was giving wrong weather but now its all good happy again
Excellent!!!
Awesome
Back to being a great app again
Bella, utile e ben strutturata. Un applicazione ben fatta.
Love this app. If you like to really customize your phone like me then this app is for you. Many choices to choose from love it......!
Works great and looks great
Liked it a lot and bought it. Best app ever!
So many options for weather and clocks
Really like these Widgets.
I love seeing the effects of the weather when i look
Works great on my Galaxy Nexus, totally recommend it.
This is exactly what I wanted. Thank you.
Love the weather animation, plus there are lot of theme to chose from. Will be great if the flipping clock actually animate flipping.
Have used this app on 3 phones and a tablet. Has always been an integral part of my android experience. A joy to donate to such a great company.
Runs well. Constantly updated. Couldn't ask for more.
Having trouble installing my skins though. Please fix. Evo 4g lte.
The name says it all. I LOVE THIS APP!!!
Use the home widget always. :-)
The best there is! Just wish weather could use weather undergound.
Works now that I have ics on my tmo sgs2
The shiznitz!
I had this app for over a year & always liked it.you can customize the widgets to your perfection. Looks good an works good on my new evo shift 4g.
Great clock weather and calender widget.
Fix bug in last update
Worth the money. Gave me all the widgets I needed.
Cool widget. Very professional. Works perfectly on the galaxy note.
Lots of nice customization!
The best
I've used it from Android to android
It was hard to find a clock/weather widget that worked the way I wanted it to. This one is flexible, reliable and beautiful too!
No problems with samsung transform.  Seems to runeven better
Been on three of my android phones now. It will definately be on all future phones. Great app.
Update did not fix FCs on Galaxy Note i717
Just beautiful.
unfortunately the update broke the Weather on my Droid Bionic.
Androids should come stock with this. Def worth the money! Since last update, this thing auto turns on wifi and 4g and massivly drains my battery! Please fix! (Samsung epic)
Getting frustrated with this app...installed skins, standard skins and featured skins won't load into my phone...what good is an app for personalizing your phone when you can't use the tools you're suppose to have available...considering deleting.  Droid Incredible
Getting frustrated with this app...installed skins, standard skins and featured skins won't load into my phone...what good is an app for personalizing your phone when you can't use the tools you're suppose to have available...considering deleting.  Droid Incredible
Great app
great app
JUST AWESOME!!!!
Working great on my Samsung galaxy s 2
It's great again
3D wigets nice thing to have if u ask me. this us a must buy.
Must have
Must have
Everyday a update?  Cmon now
Dev needs to bundle several things into one package
Best customization experience! ....also I.figured out why people are have problems wit 4×1 Widgets..if you have custom font..it will cause glitch...its working properly now 5 stars
Best weather widget by far.
I do not know what the other guys are complaining about. I've been using it for close to a year. Motorola ATRIX. Quick launch features I find very useful.
Cool
Only pet peeve..the live animations do not reflect daylight savings time sun positions
Love the new clock and weather features
This was the first and only application that I paid for. I was nervous about it despite the great reviews, but I didn't need to be! This app has been great, you can use a widget everyday and you won't run out of choices! When you get it, fiddle around with it; the more you learn, the better you can personalize! I'd recommend it to everyone. The matching free live weather wallpaper is an unexpectedly great bonus!
It makes my home screen looks good!
This application is the best way to make your own custom clocks, weather widgets, everything..!! I love this application..!! Well worth the money..!!
Is the weather condition dependent on the weather or the time of the phone
After the updat it never forced closed anymore thanks Google my HTC Rezound.
Totally bored on Samsung GS2. Was perfect, now useless.
Totally bored on Samsung GS2. Was perfect, now useless.
Beautiful indeed!
Finally fixed issue with the latest update now app is running perfect
I love it!
So many great options. Makes your phone look so cool. #Motorola photon
After last update, text in pull down notifications impossible to read, please change color back!
Leaving my 5 star rating because it is worth it, except for the 4.10.3 update.. The layout is still cropped,  and the temperature text is still overlapping.. The previous update still works perfectly for me so I'll stay on 4.05 until this is truly fixed.   HTC One X
Awesome
Best set of widgets anywhere I've tried em all
If you want a clock widget + nothing compares!
I actually removed the stock HTC clock/weather widget because it wouldn't stop  using the Auto Detrct Location "option". The one in beautiful widgets appears to work well.
Like how the weather shows what it's doing outside
Works smooth doesn't eat up battery
It wound be nice if this weather app had real sound
Still the best Widgets out there.  Awesome application!
I found this app is very useful, it's help organize my desktop!
It
Changing rating to give stars.  After update trashed app on phone developer responded to complaints and had a fix out in a matter of days.
No more Force Close thx! Galaxy Note
Thanks for fixing it. Was a delayed fix as I waited days, please be more efficient next time, as Samsung is the largest distributer of Android phones, we should be prioritized
Finally you guys fixed it thank you
I have had this on every phone that I've owned. Also put it on all my friends Droids as well! Bionic!
Destroyer of battery life!
Like the name says,  this is the most beautiful widget ever!
Very good
Works flawless No issues whatsoever. Thanks for the great app. Sprint GNex.
I'm a fan! I love this app. Its totally droid frindly and in my top 10 must have apps. Thx
Nice
After the latest update today, the app works again! Thanks!
This update seemed to have fixed the FC issue.  hope there's no other problems.
:)
Best on the market now! Thanks for fixing the force close issue!!
Used on many different phones, and this is prolly the app i like the most
Used on many different phones, and this is prolly the app i like the most
This app is amazing. With the community sourced skins and proper sorting, I have an array of beautifully designed skins that complement my phone's theme at my disposal. The bonus of having accurate weather updates on the widget and on the notification bar is fantastic. My phone is the Defy, and I've never encountered any problems. The skins and customizable options are beyond anything else on the market. The recent string of negative reviews regarding the 5 timely updates are overreacting and inaccurate.
Thanks for the update but the HTC clock widget is buggy for my Samsung Galaxy S 2
I really liked this until the last update. Now I only get the numbers from the clock skins. Why can't I see the whole thing? Fix it or I want my money
This last update fixed ALL the problems I was having. THANKYOU SOOO MUCH!!! I gave you the 5 stars back. I've had this app/widget for 3 years, now. It's the BEST on the market. Please, no more updates for a while. Thanks, Sally ;-)
Last update fixed my Samsung Galaxy S2. I didn't have access to clock skin after last update also until I reinstalled the Beautiful Widget application. Now it's working like before. 5 stars is back! Thanks
With the app store this is the best widget app out there.
How about a 3x2 superclock for tablets / galaxy note?
Weather and temperature in notification bar still don't update.  Have to manually refresh every time.  Atrix4G.  Paid money for something that doesn't work.  Please fix.
Works great and no issues.
Has been working for me for a year now. No issues whatsoever. Don't understand people complaining.
Love it! Nicely done!
No more FCs for me on my rooted SGSII running revenge of macnut. Still not going to back this version up yet till I run it longer.
Finally, samsung smartphone users can rejoice and restore their smartphone clocks and backgrounds.  After 5 updates please give him or her a bonus/raise who finally fixed the problem they are a genius and plz thank them from us the customer :):):)
Great app with a very rich variety of skins. Super clock is extremely configurable, but all of the widgets look great.
Thank u! Its working great now on Samsung galaxy s2 .Back to 5stars
Been using it for years.....
Great app
Back to five stars. Everything is working great. Support these devs!
Superb app on both my phone & tablet. Recently had a few problems but was fixed within a few days. Sony Xperia S & Motorola Xoom 2.
Love it!!
Most likely the best app/widget you'll ever find. Functional and makes the home screen come to life
An excellent app. Very few issues on any of my devices (one s, tf101, vibrant). Best weather/date/time app currently.
Just recently my clock widget is not synced with the system clock, especially when charging. Please fix. Samsung galaxy s2 us cellular..
Just recently my clock widget is not synced with the system clock, especially when charging. Please fix. Samsung galaxy s2 us cellular..
Sync issue, weather and location no longer sync, please fix.
I couldn't live without these widgets. Thanks for fixing the issues so quickly. You get your 5 star rating back.
I couldn't live without these widgets. Thanks for fixing the issues so quickly. You get your 5 star rating back.
It works great except when I look at different skins the thumbnails all load to "My Gallery" photos.
Excellent set of well designed widgets.  They work flawlessly!
Is wrong!...
Bought this long ago and there are still frequent updates that add features.
A very nice app,it deserves each penny.
Beautiful widget is beautiful!!!
Well worth the price and very customizable with all the skin choices. Keep the app alive and I will be a happy guy.
Been working great for more than a year
FC all the time after the update. Removed the widget and replaced it back and its been working. Hope that helps some of you!
Makes everything beautiful and more refined.
Makes everything beautiful and more refined.
Works great and is true to its name, "Beautiful"
I've tried some of the other widgets but found myself returning to this time after time. It's very good. The only thing that can be done to improve this further is to have a better interactive live wall paper rather than the one included. It's nice but watching moving grass gets monotonous after some time.
Thanks! Works great!
Been using it for a few years now on different devices
Beats the stock interface by a country mile!
Best app or there!
Best app or there!
I love all the quasi-English comments hating on this widget. I've been using it for years and have never had any major issues. Perhaps the problem a lot of you are having is that you're a DFO. :) cheers
Wonderful app!
Works great on my droid!! Many different skins to choose from and very pretty!
Love this app!!!
Working just fine for me on my sgs2.. Great app.
You obviously don't know what it takes to create an app that works on 50 different phones. all software is buggy. Give the developer a chance to work on YOUR problem before you let slander spill from your lips. ***** stars for my droid x.
Love this app
Love this app
Since the new update its coming up everything is too large for my screen and wont show up could you fix it for mini pro please?
Awesome. Highly recommend
works just fine on my galaxy s ii running the latest CM9 nightly.
The best widget set available on the Android market. Beautiful Widgets is untouchable in customization, features, and style.
Time is late with the systems time and/or doesnt change... please fix samsung s2 ics THANKS!
Latest update fixed my widgets.
Wonderful app... works great on my Sensation with CM9.
I've had this since my first android (G1) and I love it. Never have had a problem with it. Works great on my lg optimus q
Looks like the superclock skin was causing my issues.  Avoid martin714 skins at all cost.
Works wonderful on my GNex. Glad the update didn't Bork anything for me = )
Work perfect on nexus galaxy, maybe sgs2 users now know why your phones are crap, even the firmware is out of date on them things!
:)
:)
Best widget app
This is a great replacement for HTC's Sense widgets. A lot of different options are offered and I've had no issues with them.
No FC for me in my ATT Note
I am completely satisfied with this app it has worked flawlessly on all of my devices.  clock skins work as they are supposed to for me.  shg t989
I don't know what every one is complaining about. Works perfect on my S2
Never had any problem at all. Great app!!!
Never had any problem at all. Great app!!!
Great weather widget!
Bar none, best widgets out there...
The smaller home widget still won't resize properly on my gnex.
Update Fc when skinning weather or clock... Please fix!
Last update is awefull, widgets are all messed up, please fix it ASAP.
Force close with the latest two update. Please fix asap Sony Xperia s
Working great!
And great skin support
Been using this for years on every phone I get. Love it.
Awesome widgets. Love ICS Vanilla and HTC One X clocks. 6 stars from me.
Very useful app. Nice layout and quite intuitive menu. I'm never bored with clock view on my Galaxy S II.
Beat app ive found on the market for weather. I love it! Easy to use and set up. Funtional and always up to date. Also looks great and animated and doesnt waste my battery!!! Galaxy s fasinate
I just updated and the sizes are correct now. Everything is very nice on these Widgets I lobe them!
Most recent update has crippled this app.  Sizing is messed up . FC when accessing skins . This app was great at one time . Now broken .
Title
Title
Widgets fail to load on DROIDX and Thrive tablet after update. Temporary fix -reinstall.
Well worth the $
Thanks for fixing the problem quickly.  Recommended.
Can't live w/o it!
Awesome App.  Allows you to personalize your phone to match your personality.
I can't open application. Please fix ASAP!
With the recent improvements I'm not longer sorry i purchased this app!
Great app love it.
I love the Small home weather clock! Great app, been using this app from day one!
Thanks the update fixed the tablet widget issue
Thanks the update fixed the tablet widget issue
Beautiful...
Been using since 2010, has always worked even with different devices. Stunning and reliable.
Last update messed up widget size on my Droid RAZR. The 4x2 is now 3x2. I've never had any major criticisms before this. Please fix.
A must have for EVERY Android phone. Just suck it up and buy this already!
Last update totally messed size of clocks! Please fix! Droid Razr
It's nice.  Whatever.  Download it. and if the color selection doesn't have a shade you need delete it and shut up.
I got what I needed and more
Absolutely love this app.  Latest update changed how the widgets fit on the screen now, though.  Before, I could get the Beautiful home widget to fit to the edges of the screen and up to the top status bar, now it seems like there's some margin or padding around the sides of the widget so there's gaps where it was filling in before.    Not a huge issue and I'm not taking stars away for it, it just bothers me now because my theme doesn't look quite right anymore.
Used on ever phone since I had an android.. works great on DROID RAZR, no complaints!
Sizing is off on xoom. Little funky on bionic as well. Occurred after the latest update.
Please add more tron theme styles.
Notification bar temperature font is hard to read...
Was all good until update broke 4x2 widget, get it fixed!
Been looking for something like this!
Couldn't get any better.
I love this app.
Good app
Love this app
Works 100% on my GS2 CM9. Thanks Dev!
I love this app.
Love it
Sgh-t989
Did mine own skin for the clock now have a true my little pony:fim theme for my note
Latest update caused digits to disappear. Weather is still visible. I'm sure they'll fix it soon.
little trouble with geo location but besides that its worth the pennies.
Its ok, the Weather is not accurate
Nice
Real nice addition to any home screen.
This is the best weather and clock widget. By far
Yeah awesome
...
I used this with my htc evo 4g and now with my samsung galaxy s2.... And it only keeps getting better. Looovee it.
Has benn a great app for years, then clock disappears after last update
Has benn a great app for years, then clock disappears after last update
Been using this since it first came out. It was one of my first purchases!
good
Awsome widget! Used it since I got my first droid. After updating tho, my widgets wont load. Please fix! Droid 3 user
Simply the best.
App
good work team I love you and your widgets
today's update made all the BW widgets shrink on my asus prime.. please fix
me likes good and fun to watch  Arrg.
Great app, works very well and accurate and looks much better than stock one plus hundreds of different clocks and weather fonts to choose from
Great app, works very well and accurate and looks much better than stock one plus hundreds of different clocks and weather fonts to choose from
Great
This is an excellent ap, very polished and beautifully put together. The new sony has a very high resolution screen so i find it very difficult to find any 3rd party add ons that do the screen justice. Having had htc, s for the last few years i missed the weather overlay on the home screen.  This ap does everything i have been looking for.  Brilliant, well done dev!!
The best at what it does.
BW has been great except for the clock... It sometimes doubles up on top of itself with 2 different times making it unreadable. I hope this stops when I get an S3
Excellent app. Very pleased. Keep up the good work guys.
Puts Android even further ahead on sheer adaptability, friendliness, confiurability and beauty...
Works great on my Galaxy SII. And even here in Jakarta the weather is always accurate.
Worth the price...
It's not the most intuitive thing to set up, but it has a tin of options and my phone looks great.
Droid bionic
Great applications
Great applications
Had this across two android phones, multiple ROMs and homescreen replacements, and one android tablet, and I always make sure to have a beautiful clock on at least one of my homescreens.
The name says it all.
I would love to see some analog clocks. Sort of like what Samsung did with its touchwiz
Most beautiful clock widget out there.
Nice
I love this app...there are a lot of choices for different clocks and weather. Recommend downloading it!
Love it
Perfect weather app!! Wherever I am it gives that weather..love to see the rain on my phone when its raining outside. Can't wait til Snow
Still love it
Awesome App!
What more could you want?
It's finally working again. 5 star rating again!
Awesome app
Awesome app
Great app.been using for 2 years now. Worth every penny.
Works great
Best app ever downloaded.
#1 widget on market.  Animated weather wallpaper is a slick option.
#1 widget on market.  Animated weather wallpaper is a slick option.
10# awesome in a 5# bag.
Love love love it!
Cool
Working cal, alarm clock, weather. My 3 top used apps
Love the customization
The latest update ruined my resized widget. Fix please. Sgs2 at&t,
Awesome!  The business since day 1.
Beautiful graphics and functionality.
Never had an issue until updating today. Clock will not show up anymore.
It dosent matter if the location is typed or not the latest update is crap point blank
My go to app for every android phone...
Every widget is beautiful and effective.
Runs great on my Google Nexus
Love this App. Worth every penny!!!!                       -Jennifer
Must have app
Convenient easy to use and gorgeous images and themes.
Been using this app for years and I never had a problem until I updated  today now it closes when I try to change clock skins on my gs2, please fix asap, thanks
really nice app
I haven't been able to display the time since the patch. My home widget only shows the minutes, hour field is blank. Tried uninstalling and reinstalling with no luck.
Love it
Easily the best weather widget
Easily the best weather widget
The large numbers in the notification bar temperature. On my qHD screen the small numbers are way too small.
Clock no longer displays on Samsung epic.
Easy to use. No problems so far. Offers a lot more customization than most other apps like this.
Easy to use. No problems so far. Offers a lot more customization than most other apps like this.
Massively enjoying my Beautiful widgets.
My whether is always the same? It says "Haze" every hour of the day? Guys needa fix that.
One of the best clock/weather widgets around.
Makes my Droid RAZR Maxx truly my own!
Clean, simple, elegant, and best of all: always functional.
Used yo work. Now its always saying my geological location cannot be found.
Great app, works well on Xperia Arc S.
This is the best widget app out there, i have a samsung phone but i used to always have htc loved the look of their clock and widgets and this app lets me custimize everything so now my phone REALLY looks like an htc phone havent been to find a widget maker that really looks like htc great app. Ps be careful you will spend hours customizing everything from the font of the words to the skin of the background lol.
Still force closing in Samsung Galaxy S II after update.
Great stuff!
The clock widget is as close to sense as you can get. Looks great and great customization with skins.
Best weather app on the market.
Since the new update 4x2 home widget is now 3x2. Very disappointed. Using one of your competitors until you get it fixed.
ive been using beautiful widgets since my first android phone...never had a problem until i updated this morning, now it forecloses when i want to change skins...please fix asap :) samsung galaxy s2
Love all the skins/themes & options!
Best widget package on the market, my first download after I flash any new rom
I couldn't be happier very good app
Everything works great and haven't had any issues at all on my Verizon gnex.
Great app!
Great widget, looks beautiful on my Galaxy Nexus!
Good
Great app
Best.. make sure u try
Best.. make sure u try
Great
A must have, Already more than 1,000,000 paid downloads!
Please fix geolocation.  NFC not very useful.
I've tried several weather apps, but I keep coming back to BW. Such a nice, clean app with tons of options to match any theme. And they continue to grow.
Great app
100% worth it
Complete customization at your fingertips.
Great update! But The question is who uses NFC?
My most favorite app on my HTC Sensation and Galaxy tab 8.9.
Kills battery on razr maxx yipes
Seriously I am not getting bored of it.
A nice looking widgets have pretty skin
Worked great on my old Nexus S and now runs great with my DROID RAZR Maxx!
Best time and weather widget ever. Loads of features.
Really like this app. It has everything I need.
this widget thing needs Weather Sounds Efx's
Nice
Very nice!
Bought this during .99 cent week. Best money ever spent! Great on battery, beautiful on my home screen, very, very few crashes ... 5 stars!!!!!
Customizable. There are many possiblities for skin/theme choosing. Best widget app!!
I hesitated purchasing this app..but am very happy & please..my very first purchase ( had smart phones for 5 yrs ). Recommend it!
Do not buy this, my phone stopped displaying the widget properly or the developer has intentionally changed it, the clock displays in black color instead of white which makes or look horribly ugly, please update the app back to original as you ruined it, hope you haven't ruined it pin purpose as another similar product is out which buyers like myself have to part for again
Ive been using this app for about one year now and never seems to fail on me, beautiful graphics too, 5*!
Great free widget use it on every device I have
Well done nice skins
Well done nice skins
Ive used it on 3 different phones on 2 carriers its awesome
Originally had download problems but have since got  them resolved. Widgets look great on my phone and tablet. Galaxy s 2 epic 4G touch and Asus Transformer Prime
Please please please add a NFC toggle widget!!!
HD widget looks awsome... great app.
Widgets are done very nicely, I love the added customization features!
Must have
Have had it since I've had my phone.. I Love it.
This app is the best!!
I downloaded the free paid version and it say update available but I can't get it say I got to have the paid version,but I got the paid version for free please help
Can't live without it.
Thanks!
Tried them all. This is the best.
works great!!! by far... best ap. ( . ) !!! ...     miss widget toggle  bar..  now all single toggles..after update...- RAZR
Great app htc sensation4g
This app make my cell overheated not good at all 1 star
cool app
Great app! So many options.
I finally have the HTC one x features on my phone with ics go launcher and this completes it with the sense animation...well worth the money for the customization you get!!! Thanks devs!!!!
I'm glad I got this. Very handy and pleasing to look at.
Finally got skins to download after 3 months of them not pulling up.
Excellent this new update fixed my issues
I love it
Needs the data network mode widget just like the samsungs long press power button shortcut. Other than that 5 stars
Since latest update, the current weather wont update with out me telling it to. Please fix. Otherwise great app.
Beautiful!
Simply sexy
The weather widget is too big now get back the 4-1
Make my one x look nicer..
I am having a hard time trying to download any app. From the google play please help; ihad no trouble downloading the first time? 2nd time for B.w.?
Nuff said...Five stars!
I like the widgets and all, but it's still missing some tweeks and some widgets!  I still have to use 2G-3G OnOff AutoSync OnOff Brightness Level   all from CurveFish   because Beautiful Widgets doesn't have them! (or in the case of Brightness, it only has TWO settings!)  Wish you could consider adding this widgets in future updates.  Other than that, it's a great app, love the Live Wallpaper and all the configuration options :)
Coolest app ever
great app
The widget is five star. But there are three skin that does not work. Are beautiful. Htc Sense4 v4, clean and Stripes. (clock is not updated), there is no other skin problems. Thanks to the developer. Very nice work. Please fix because they are very beautiful. And to use my heart!
Even in galaxy note, smileys' resolution is good.
As of the latest update, Geolocation is completely broken on my Atrix. 5 star otherwise.
Great app. Love it and all extra widgets that come with except for the 4G widget only allowing HTC devices with Wimax? That's years ago now. Every top line phone has 4G now!! Cmon y'all
Great app!
Best one iv found.yet.
Cool app, nothing else like it. Only problem is the live wallpaper timezone for the uk is inaccorate. Its saying its nighttime when its still light outside. Also is it poss to make the nightsky on live wallpapers more realistic? There is some beautiful night skies that could be used instead. Thanks.
ITS NOT FOLLOWING OR REFRESHING WITH THE WEATHER!!!!IT WAS JUST THUNDERSTORMING AND IT JUST STAYED CLOUDY ON MY FONE....
No problems whatsoever. Tweaker's paradise with so many skins available. Works well and is not the resource hog some claim. Captivate
Installed other widget apps and all come up short compared to BW. The selection of clock/weather skins and variations is unmatched. Kudos...
Love it! Love the fact that u could just have the weather on ur status bar with no need to have the widget out like other apps are & the fact that u got so many options on top that so far the weather is dead rite.. GOOD JOB!!
I'm mot amuse or exstatic over this app
it's a good app that lets you have a lot of customization and control over what you want. good job to the developers
I love this app...it works great adds the right touch that I want for my phone. Evo 3D
Best 99¢ spent on an app. skins updated frequently , always find something I like. Highly recommended.
If you're trying to personalize your phone, you need to try this app! There is lots of different colors schemes & styles to try out. You can also change the weather theme , everything from angry birds to post apocalyptic !  Def deserves more than 5 stars.
استخدم هذا البرنامج بشكل دائم بالواجهه الاساسية
This is so good, with the skins Nd everything... Worth the money fo shizzz!!
good
it just turned my phone into cupcakes !
Best clock and weather app on the market.
It great
It seems that I can't access the menu for toggling the super clock from weather to battery after the update.
I just wish it was simplified a bit. Too many widgets that do more less the same thing.
Hot
Hot
its amazing all around
Amazing app but it interferes with GoKeyboard and makes it super laggy please fix and update
Just love it!
Great app! Love the different styles, colors, etc.
Nothing to complain about, awesome.
Big props to developer
Love everything it does "
Don't waste ur money
Love the customization. Worth every penny.
Great way to customize the look and feel of your device. Definitely worth it!
When setting alternative program to launch when widget is touched, the application does not launch the selected app.  It still launched the default beautiful weather app.  Will change to 5 stars when fixed.  Thanks.  Running 4.0.4. CM9 SGH-I777.
So easy to use and so many choices.
Like the widget.
Looks beautiful and adds great functionality
There's a reason that this app is a mainstay of the Android top apps. Great widgets, masses of themes, easy modifications and plenty of choice. Had it since the 10p sale and reinstalled with every mod.
If you like the standard Android "waiving grass" live wallpaper, you will really enjoy this app.  The sun rises and falls and so does the moon.  The weather on your screen reflects what is happening at your location.  If its sunny outside, so will be your screen.  If its raining outside, your screen will have a rainstorm on it.
Best weather app. If it rains my tablet rains. Fog sunny etc. it reflects on my tab. So cool. And you can put your own wallpaper under it too.
Really nice, a lot more widgets to download.
Has looked great on my phone for two years, looks even better on my tablet now. Thanks
nice very nice
The widgets look awesome but the clock does not keep time. It randomly refreshes every 2-4 hours and is very annoying considering I paid for this app....
Says it's not compatible with my device even though it was working when i first bought it. LG Esteem
Good variety of clock skins for whatever theme you want to set.
ءياأت
Tired so many weather apps and nothing can match the customization flexibility this app has. So many free themes to choose.
First app I always download to any new devices since my first Droid.
Accurate weather, but doesn't recognize and display your location.  Fed up with being in 'null'
love it
Beautiful app
Smh after 4th update, still can't download a skin. App forecloses
The widget is ok, but definitely not worth 2 euros... Much better widgets are available for free!
Been using this forever, but since last update, it will only update manually
Can someone make the New Android 4.0 htc sense clock.
I'm missing clock skins that my friends phones, has access to. We are both on gingerbread, but he has several more clock skins that I cannot find on my phone... :(
Makes my time on my phone wrong and i have to restart it. Please fix.
I would like the sun with the smile on his face :D but i dont know how to achieve this -_-" any help?
Working great on Samsung Galaxy Nexus ICS 4.0. Larger font for notification bar would be nice.
Have used this product bow on 3 phones and love it compared to everything else I've tried!
Could be great but the super clock doesn't refresh reliably... On ICS, Galaxy S2
If you ever just buy one app, this is the one to buy.
On my HTC Evo I preferred the Sense UI default clock widgets, but for my touchpad and Samsung epic 4g touch, you can't beat this widget set.  I only wish they had a calendar/agenda widget to go with it. So many choices in skins, many choices of weather skins, doesn't seem to drain battery. Iz happy.
Works flawlessly and looks amazing
I like most things about this great app, I just think it should be .99 cents instead of two dollars
brilliant.
Great App
Great App
Versatile, easy to use, looks awesome. A must have app! Droid 3.
Great app. Visually and usage, but missing multiple locations. Gets five stars if multiple locations are included. Samsung S2. Updated with multiple locations. Changed to five stars.
Good
This has been a great app, but it's time for newer skins. Maybe skins that can be interacted with or change throughout the day.
Google maps gets my location within just a few meters, but this app gets it wrong by around 20km!! Very annoying.
Please fix geo location. why does it even say it's fixed on update comments when it's obviously not
Ads functions that are missing by default on most phones, gives other phones the nice looks of HTC sense among other things.
I love this app and work great for my w8
It thinks I have no widgets now. The existing widget is still on the screen but the app thinks I have none, so I can't edit it or access any settings. It also lost all my skins, etc. Now that's annoying... Sprint Epic.
the extra cities for the weather.... great thank you
when i see it has an update, i'm like oh cool what did they add this time.  would it be possible to get humidity/wind chill info also, in addition to temperature in the weather widgets? thanks!
Simply smooth stable.
I reccomend this app to all my friends with androids. You can find a skin to match any wallpaper. HTC G2.
Have used since the early years with my Droid. Always deliver a great product and lots of themes to customize.
I understand why the artwork had to change but now it just doesn't look good. Hopefully skinning will be available soon.
Toggle widget always got force  close problem. Please fix this !!! Thanks
This its the first app I install on every Android device I've ever had including my tablet. If you don't have it yet you are missing out. There isn't a clock/weather widget out there that can even come  close.
All you ever need from a widget
I love the widget and i use it all the time, it's customize feature works great for any wallpaper, good job!
Highly recommended, buy this now! The skinning feature makes this the best widget on the Play Store, hands down.
Best app on the market. Period. Just the user defined hot spots make this app priceless. The free list of skins also rules! Droid X.
It's great to have some other options besides the stock setup on my  HTC evo. It really makes me love android. Lots of clocks, and the weather animations are great.
Was great until I started having this geolocation problem. Weird since when use maps, my location shows up correctly.
Great widgets with some nice themes
Have used this app since my first phone.Can't function without it.
The only app I have ever bought. Now where is that clock skin in the 4th screenshot?
I like this app but the last update rearranged everything and I really HATE the new format. PLEASE change it back so it looks the way it used to.
But I wish there was a way to make the degree numbers transparent it would be awesome:) on the 1×1 widget
runs great I set it up to update every six hours for weather so it don't run the battery down.
Great widgets for your android. Cocjs and weather with loads of great skins to download.
Very clean look, definitely beautiful!
Great apps
Great apps
I paid for this and no matter what I do it always says insufficient storage available, I can't even update it - fixed
I paid for this and no matter what I do it always says insufficient storage available, I can't even update it - fixed
Great app. Keep up the great work.
It beautiful
Absolutely brilliant,best weather app EVER
Love the widgets!
Love it
Most of the time.
Beaners all around.
Good.
Love,  love,  LOVE it!!
The best thing I liked about my evo was the clock widget.. Now I can get that and Alot more with this!!
Exactly as titled. It provides beautiful widgets for your phone.
Great but needs support for the HTC velocity 4g toggle
I cannot live without this app!  There are so many options, it is so convenient and so pretty. Another application i cant live without is SwiftKey X keyboard! Im tellimg you if you don't have both these apps get them because your so missing out :-)
I cannot live without this app!  There are so many options, it is so convenient and so pretty. Another application i cant live without is SwiftKey X keyboard! Im tellimg you if you don't have both these apps get them because your so missing out :-)
Best app on the market. Period.
Prefect
Great app
Photon
Great app, I've had it on every android phone I've owned for the last two years. Consistent updates, never fails to do the job its meant for.
This rating is just for the Live Weather Wallpaper. Finally i found a very useful beautiful LWW i used go live weather wallpaper but it could not obtain my location for some reason and for just a few $ i found this and it is awesome. I just hope by the time i upgrade my phone they will have graphics that supporg 720p.
This app has withstood the test of time and a swiftly moving Android environment. They have kept up, supported and innovated. The best clock and weather.
Awesome
Great app, nothing compares.
Phenomenal
Looks great and works flawlessly on my gnex
This is my favorite app for all things weather and clock widgets on my homescreen! Definitely recommend to all!
Turtles!
Too many options!
Thanks to the developers for finally fixing the refresh bug. Works great with Minimalistic Text Widget
Good app
I love it! the DROID 3's clock is so small in the top right corner of the info bar so this app gives u a huge clock with the weather info too! this app is the one to install!
I couldn't imagine not having this on my phone.
also the live weather wallpaper is awesome
Actually beautiful.. Enhanced the look n feel of the phone
Nice
Its been creating two clocks at the same spot and they're at different times.
Awesome
Best widget app but clock doesn't update with the time.
I don't see the point in having a clock on the homescreen when there is one in top right corner and on lockscreen...
Not auto refresh please send the solution
Functional, lots of skins.
Love this app. I just wish you could change the color of the temp in the status bar.
App that defines Android the best
Best weather clock app.
What more can ya say
Weather through google, battery indicator, and gorgeous clocks. Developer is genious
Purchased when I had HTC Desire,  can't install on new phone (Galaxy Nexus)????? Error 403 only on this previous purchased app. All newly purchased apps download OK.
Can't live w/o it! Love the instant weather report & effects!
So smooth and clear decent amount of options highly recommend it to any one
Cannot fault it! Great value for money, its perfect! Thanks
Why can't you use the moon phase on the sperclock widget?
Love it
Love it
Works great no lag weather is accurate
I just love it. Worth every ringgits spent.
Update fixed the refresh problem. Thanks!  Galaxy S Fascinate from Telus.
Awesome app
I have used many android phones and tablets, and this widget is always on the top of my home screen.  Totally worth the price.  I don't use live wallpapers, but if you do, the live wallpaper seems neat (similar to "grass" but more options and shows the weather).  Please add animation for the clock widgets, and keep up the good work!
skins are very flexible. u will find it fantastic
terbaeeek boboboyy .
Great app...
Beautiful widgets, as the name says.
I live in Joplin Missouri, and we had a F5 tornado that devastated our city. Apps like this helped me out a lot.
so many creative and amazing skins to choose from for EVERY type of widget.....seriously so much fun
Does more than expected. Eye candy that works very well.
Awesome! Really great widgets with great updates!
Would have given a 5 if it also had BOM ad a source in Australia
Will not "decode geolocation" for weather with recent update on sgs 2x. Fix asap please: stock weather app still finds location no problem
1337
I use GO Launcher and Circle Launcher, so all I really use of BW is the 'home' widget which is an amazing weather/clock that you can customize to make each component a secret shortcut; tap the weather to lauch accuweather, time to launch alarms, date to launch any.DO...
Love it
This is good stuff mate
This is good stuff mate
Great!
Best widget ever. Love it
Bought it early last year, snd I love it. 3rd phone I've put it on.
Widgets!
Go to your wallpaper section and choose beautiful widgets. There are plenty of "beautiful" features.
and uses very little battery power.
and uses very little battery power.
Worth the money
Best 10 cents I ever spent.
Works perfect on Photon
So why pay?
I really love this app
Good and praxtical
One of my first app purchases and still love seeing new stuff developed for it!
Nice for phones but not enough configurations for tablets.  Need tablet clocks like HD Widgets
Brilliant!
Love this app and all the skins available for the different widgets.
I've had this widget on my home screen since my Droid 1, looks great, works great, dev updates regularly, what's not to like? Great purchase
Great app! Worth the money...
Hehehe
Hehehe
These widgets look great and I prefer this to the stock widgets. The latest update fixed the location error which made this great again. Back up to 5 stars. Thanks for fixing this.
The widget disappears for a split second when ever I return to my home screen. Please fix/cover.
One of the best apps available!
I love the app, only suggestion would be a 2x1 weather widget that included local, similar to the fancy widget one.
Looks great
Bout as good a sit gets.
Bout as good a sit gets.
-_-)=b
Does what it says it does.
Some
Some
Simply Amazing.
Great flexibility
The best.Galaxy s ll 4G
Would like to see a few things option where u can have battery/weather on the clock widget an option to add custom fonts to the widget
Won't connect to skin market server when trying to register.  HTC Amaze 4G.
It would be nice in the advanced options that the animation would only show if you are in the home screen after you unlock the phone and not when you unlock abd you are in another app. The best weather app anyway. Almost ;)
I don't know how I went since November not having this.
Awesome!!!!!
Major improvement on stock clock and widgets and runs like a dream  Great bit of programing but very slow to fix problems
Great to have a widget for Galaxy Note Anychance of a 5x1 widget
I have only had it a day or so but so far it is awesome! A lot of cool options. I don't buy a lot of apps, nut this is one well worth the money
Love it!
saw this app on a HTC and thought it was cool so  decided to try it on my Galaxy S2 I777.  I have been using it for about 2 months now on several different roms and it works flawlessly every time.  I love the animations so I can check out the weather just by opening my phone.  tried several different apps for weather and  this one is the best one I have found.
Use it all the time, every time I switch it off my phone simply looks boring.
Must have app for any android device.  Just make sure you are not running any task killers because they will prevent your beautiful widgets from updating
Much more gooder after updates.
Well worth the price!
Well worth the price!
It's the one and only that I love
itz such  great app!
The index may be wrong, when I select rotate, 4g will actually be shown on the home screen. Place fix
Ripped it of the internet but liked it so much I decided to throw these guys a few bucks for the good work and buy it
Nice!
Great app.
Great clock and weather replacement. Awesome widgets.
What is wrong with you people? These aren't beautiful at all, these are ugly and horrible. I've seen far more free widgets that look better than this. You people are delusional if you think these are beautiful and you are willing to actually pay for them. I paid a dime 0.10€ and I feel cheated.
This app gets better with every update.
I use the weather clock in transparent mode.  Can see live wallpaper in background.
Quality and Usability is par none!
Loving the new preview before I download a skin, keep up the good work guys, thanks!
Time is not getting updated in ICS galaxy s2
It's beautiful
Definitely well worth going premium on this one 5+ stars only issue seems to be my beautiful battery 1x1 widget hmm but its probably my recent updated v1.11 ROM
I love it
Does what it says and looks great. Perfect customization options
Does what it says and looks great. Perfect customization options
Ppppppppppppppppppppmpppppppppppppppppppppppppppp
Thank BW for a great app! G2
Absolutely beautiful. A must-have gadget for any non-sense-based android device.
Awesome
Love it
Nice but could be better bby having more widgets, backgrounds and custom widgets. I would just like some more stuff in it :) Thanks!
I like this app because...
I love this app accept the fact it spys on you!!
This is the only weather/ time-widget to have  if u just need one. Highly customizable  ,weather has multiple town or cities in swiping lft to rht  on preloaded  locations, clock widgets are only limited to your imagination. Update are regular.  This one is a keeper.
Crashes Wont let me refund
Hasn't worked since I've updated it. It's getting really annoying. This application is unusable for my phone now. :'( pleaasssee fix it.
Awesome!
Good apps to giv ur handfon new look
Geolocation error keeps popping up with update, other than that 5 stars!
But it's showing the wrong weather. It isn't 12°C in Chicago!
Awesome. Been using BW since my G1 days. Keep up the great work dev!
Just Awsome
If you like the htc style home then this is for you looks great on my paladin novo7
Awesome apparently :)
Beautiful clocks and skins
How do you change the skin.and stufff.
It's a wonderful app. Keep it up BW
Geolocation is not working on my Galaxy Note. I want my money back.
Geolocation is not working on my Galaxy Note. I want my money back.
Works slightly different after update but excellent app.
What's error 403 cause I can't update it
I've used this app forever but I really wish I could choose to have it open to the super cool Sense 3.0 weather screens when I tap on the temp on the home widget. Then it would be perfect. HTC Rezound.
Great at getting. Album info
Looks great and worked for a while but the clock wont update itself. I have to remove it from my homescreen and add it again just so it will update
Why live wallpaper is not work perpectly on galaxy mini
Good
...options,options,and more options...EPic ToucH.
On the boot warp
better than standard widgets
Now that the geolocation issue is fixed I love this app again :-)
great app. it works and it is nice on the eyes.
This is the best widget i have ever used
When I try to register my email with the skin market it just tells me server failed? Any help?
Owned this since i bought my nexus and now on my galaxy s2....simply the best!!!!
Stopped working today is just give errors every hour.
Always an integral part of my home screen, great app, excellent support!
A lot of the bugs have been fixed. Really fun to customize.
Latest update seemed to fix the Geocache problem. Awesome app. Verizon Galaxy Nexus.
Just downloaded and I am impressed. Downloaded add ons as well.
#1 Widgets app
#1 Widgets app
Great!
Love it, customizable
As always
Everything is fantastic with the level of customization that this app provides, except that I keep getting a geolocation error and all of my settings AND LOCATION are correct, both by my input and in-app detection. PLEASE FIX! Thanks for the updates! I truly appreciate your expeditious responses. I re-applied the live weather wallpaper and saw that you totally addressed the issues. Excellent, excellent, excellent response time. P.S. : I love the dispersing/exploding clouds!
K
its beautiful.
Great app. They update it and it works perfectly. They have a decent amount of themes to have the widgets match your phone theme. I've been using this for over a year and it is the best.
Widgets are very useful and have given me no problems on my Rezound.  They do not slow down my phone and have good flexibility with the options.
When I reboot the skins go back to default. Will be five stars when fixed  FIXED, thanks
To everyone whining about updates, updates are good. This app works on like 100 different phones, so there are bound to be bugs once in a while. Chill out and just hit that update button. Its jot that bad is it?
Love this widget, only app that has been on every Android phone I have owned
Is finally fixed on my razr. States the right weather correctly and no more annoying thing saying it can't find the geo. thank you for the fix!
I've been using Beautiful Widgets since day one and its still my favorite app to this day.
I love it, but it's not working on my Xperia Arc S. location is not working either.
Updates are nice.  Would love to see a weather map widget added.
Not only is it truly a beautiful widget (bc Google is full of those!) -- it's a JOY to those of us working inside all day, to be able to have a real-time view of the outside world (and the unpredictable Oklahoma storms that come w/it!). I have installed this on all my family's phones for YEARS -- and I know we're all safer for it. Thank you, BW!! :)
Been using on my Samsung galaxy(i7500) cm7 wt only 92 megs of ram. Now on my gt-9000 and wow, I gotta say this is one of my top 5 app. Updates are a good sign, imagine building and app for dozens of diff os's and working on 1000 different devices. Updates are good ppl.
They work flawlessly on a Galaxy Nexus and live up to the title!
That means they want to keep their app current and working. Which is better than an abandoned app.
To those who are complaining bout geolocation u might wana turn google location on on ur phones setting it fixes the issue
Been using for a while now and cannot fault this app!
I've been having issues with htc sence ui widget for a bit. This is a much better, much more reliable alternative.
Worthy $3. Works perfect on Galaxy S2
Lean and mean. I generally hate multiple function tools but this one app replaced 4 heavy apps and does it better
Love everything about this app. A recommendation, let the weather notification icon in the task bar be customized (color and size)
It keeps saying geolocation problem and I already put the location and it confirms it
One word says it all -- WOW & Great!! Does not work on Samsung captivate.
I love this app.
this is the highest rating i have giving beautiful widgets, Im liking all the new updates finally =) please add applying clock back round to forcast widget please its the only thing missing now
I like how I can use Google for the weather.
I don't know what it is, I just like fancy Widgets more.
Was great. Then after the 10¢ sale they changed everything. Now its ok
Great addition
Awesome
Thanks for the fix. Back to five stars.
The latest update broke the home 5x2 weather clock on my ICS Verizon Galaxy Nexus. It is stuck on the loading widget layout :(
Best choice for customizing widgets on home screen.  Geocache is fixed again after last update.  DroidX
Love the super clock widgets.
One of the BEST apps now!!!  Bionic
One of the BEST apps now!!!  Bionic
Location shows up ok but no weather readings. All at zero degrees.
Thank you for fixing it so fast.
I love this app!
Must.
A must have.
Keep it up
I was a little apprehensive to update based on the massive amounts of bad reviews, but I did anyway. I inevitably had the geolocation error everyone else was getting. I just uninstalled and reinstalled and I haven't had the problem since. Still a wonderful app worth the price.
First app installed on 4 family phones and 2 tablets
Very surprised by the app. Very sleek and VERY reliable. Never had one force close! Fantastic!
Best clock and weather I've ever used
Motorola Pro+
How do I contact development? I went to the dev email spot but can't find a way to contact...
Excellent app!!! Awesome HD animations.
Great on Galaxy S and Tab 10.1
Thank you for listening! :-)
The best!
I used to be jealous of htc sense clock widget, but these are so much better looking and more creative.
Makes for good visual treat!
Gr8 skins and so easy to configure!
Goes to Accuweather's main site instead of the Mobile one now. Please revert to mobile site.
Awesome
Haven't had any issues on my Droid X
at last the bug is fixed
Works perfectly
Great Widgets
Have no issues. Been using it for 2yrs.
Great app, but the past week or so has actually started freezing my phone every few days when I open it
Geo location is not working currently stated getting the problem on photon 4g please fix other than that best weather application ever!
I hate this app....  does nothing new that my phone already has and doesn't offer rebate
I hate this app....  does nothing new that my phone already has and doesn't offer rebate
Uninstall then reinstall seems to fix all problems
Fix the geolocation problem already! This is ridiculous!
Great UI, especially on ICS.
Best and easiest to use i like the way you can do multiple. Cities
Of course I never updated to the new version cus there's nothing wrong with the version I downloaded. I've found developers often release unstable app updates so unless it's a major update, no thanks
Great
The skin market has a bewildering list of skins, making the widgets look perfect on my ics phone.
Awesome
Love It!!
Works great.   Looks great.
Great widget pack
Great widget pack
Keeps getting better.
Now even better with the multiple locations suport.
I paid 10 cents for this app. Therefore I'm not going to complain.
Love this app... just too great..
I have never had a problem with this app. Just love it :)
Use my Home Weather everyday!! Very accurate!
Very nice weather app that just works!!!
Best of its kind.
Version 4.02 on Samsung Galaxy Prevail.  Still getting Geolocation problem.  I purchased this product, please fix it.  THIS HAS BEEN FIXED.
Geolocation problem now seems to fixed on my Sony Arc so 5 stars.
Works great now! Could use  some animation upgrades
Everything looks the same! There was no update, just taking up unnecessary space!! >:-|
Excellent....
Please up date to move to sd card would be helpful.
Awesome app! Keep up the good work!
Please fix the geo location error
Thanks for quick fixes.samsung epic touch...sgs2
The weather does work in ics you need to enable the settings in location section of the phones set up, and nice work!
Beautiful just beautiful ! !
Except.. how do I add large clock with no weather????
Great App
I like it a lot. I am glad I bought it.  I think it would be good if toggle widgets can toggle auto-sync function.    Thanks :-)
The temperature notification looked great prior to a few updates ago on my droid x. Now it looks like crap... Change it back please..
App was good before update broke it.
The unlock animations work much better now.
The unlock animations work much better now.
Geo locations like everyone else
Very cool app, I love everything about it. Also, whenever there is a problem they come out with an update quickly so you don't need to worry about it.
Love the app!!!!!!!!!!!
Why don't u test ur s-- t before u release updates. U shouldn't charge $ until it works.
Loveeeee ittt
I'm very happy with this app!
Love
this app just keeps getting better and better with every release...love it!
Latest update shows zip code...  I don't need to see that on my widget
Easy to setup and works as advertised
Best of the Best
Love this app 10 stars!
I lovet it!!!!!
Yesterday I have given 1 star, today geolocation has been fixed so 5 stars from me.
It would be great to display feels like temp in notification Area
I gave 1 star rating yesterday and changed it back to 5 today after prompt attention to a minor technical glitch with the geolocation settings. Great job and a wonderful app.
Best clock and weather widget and the devs are very helpful and quick to respond to any issues.
I like this app just wish it had more widgets..wifi..alot of other..
Excellent app.
FINALLY NEW UPDATE FIXES THE GEO PROBLEM!
But toggles lock up on galaxy nexus 4.0.4
I think this is an excellent widget... for weather/time/misc. Nothing groundbreaking or necessary beyond all reason but it is really good at what it does. One issue: The "1x1" Battery widget is 2x2 on my Motorola Droid 3 using the "Motorola User Interface" (to be super specific lol).
I think this is an excellent widget... for weather/time/misc. Nothing groundbreaking or necessary beyond all reason but it is really good at what it does. One issue: The "1x1" Battery widget is 2x2 on my Motorola Droid 3 using the "Motorola User Interface" (to be super specific lol).
First app I bought, and have installed it on every phone and tablet I have
amazing apps,
Fix?
I love this app
Nice app for time and weather
Finally!
Very nicely done!
But clock don't move!!!!
Good
I've had this on my phone for a couple of months and it is excellent. It transformed my phone and I love the level of customisation available. An essential for all Android users! ATRIX
On G2x running ICS. Web skin market is awesome!!!!
This is the first thing I download when I get a new phone.
love tha app b nice if u would add animated leaves an hot air ballons but it a nice app live it
On gnexus(stock 4.0.2), no prob with geolocation, no need to reboot, no have any issues.
Since last update, sometimes showed geolocation “N/A”. plz fix it.
Waiting for the new update haven't  updated  to 4.0 but love the app will update after kinks are ironed out works well now
Glad they fixed the geocoder problem that showed state and zip code on location.
Smart shortcuts, massive customization. If you can't get Skin Market to work, try going through the app and authorizing it on your phone.  My favorite app on the Citadel.
To everyone complaining about geolocation, try rebooting your phone
I love this app.
I have always loved this app, I love the new online skin mixer, I can make my widgets 100% to my liking.  BUY THIS APP YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT!
What an AWESOME app
Install this if you ever wonder which first paid app should you go buy first,
Love the widgets.
Love the update! don't change it back
Wouldn't have Android without it.
Fast response, fixed problems rapidly. Great android app developer!
Very nice
love it
Great app
Excellent.
It's nice to see a developer keep active with their application.
Now with multiple city weather, just need option for two clocks.   As it is now, dang close to perfect. Needs to show the moon or sun for other time zones
This. USE alternative Geo if you have probs. :)
w00t! Multiple city forecast is finally here! Awesome product that is frequently updated. One last request: Scrollable multiple city widget support!
Sprint HTC EVO 4G This last update broke the geolocation settings for weather. Getting an error for both Google and accuweather
Looks great on ICS.
Awesome...  Can't say anything against this app.
5 stars to 5x1 bweather. Galaxy Note ,guys.
Love the new update, large size of temp! Thanks!
After updating widgets are now shown as "-56°" and other numbers when selecting from the widgets tray. Fix please.
Been using this since my evo 4g days, and now on my 3vo. Nothing beats it!
with multi-locations this is now the best weather widget app on android!
Bionic
But after the latest update the animation has a lower frame rate, like it's lagging a little.  Also, when I go to the weather details, I can't see the background anymore (before it had some degree of transparency, now it's black).
Keep up the good work.
Fantastic support! Bug with 4.0 geolocation was fixed in a few hours. Developement like that is hard to come by! A+++
Update changed the font size with all of the widgets.  Liked the smaller font size otherwise the weather blocks some of the words.  Please fix
of the best
Better than the others
cool
For the quick update to the state/ZIP issue
Just restart your device to fix geolocation error
Fantastic update, adding more than one location is terrific!
Love this app. It makes the android phone a piece of art. Absolutely perfect. Its the best weather app on the market
Love the improved temperature icon in the notification bar and the ability to have multiple cities in the forecast! EVO
Finally multiple locations!
It is
Why isn't the 3.74 update showing but it's listed in what's new?   Still showing 3.73 for me.
just perfect, nothing more to say
This used to be the best but has been clearly surpassed by fancy widget in every way (due to developer's stagnation in innovation). Still way inferior to fancy widgets despite the latest update.
Amazing app !! Worth every penny..
Works well
Multiple weather locations has been the only thing missing from this, its perfect now! Tabbed locations are great, too.
Using accu weather it is showing sunny but it's SNOWING! Switched to Google and it shows Sunny and 73 degrees.
Love the new icon. Way more polished than the old one. Now tweak the structure of the menus just a little bit more and it's more than perfect. :-)
Uninstalled, rebooted and reinstalled.  Now works like a charm...  5 stars...  Sgs2 stock rom.
U just need to remove the older version widget in order to make it works
Worth it!
Have had this widget since Droid1 days. Has worked great with every Droid I have owned. Currently wielding a Galaxy Nexus and it looks amazing. Thanks for being a great product.
Could be better on ICS with rendering, but can't imagine not using it.
works great and so many options although I wish the sense clocks would flip like they do on the HTC devices...thanks level up studios...Samsung Galaxy Epic 4g on 4.0.3 ICS
Its nice.
its great, i have been using it for a long time!
For everyone on ice cream sandwich,  activate the ics theme.  It rocks.
Great app
Awesome App! Love New Notification digits!
I can't really think of any way to improve this application. Had it across 5 different Android phones and tablets. Works great. Defiantly worth the money.
Location will NOT update. Geolocation is checked.
yesss itssss awsomenessss
Possibly add sound to the animations
I love this app
I love this app
Great app and fast response to issues! Thanks Devs!
Guys please read this. I have had the same problems. If you use a home replacement check and make sure you do not have system persistent checked. This is all I had to do to fix the issues.
I download clock skins and they wont show up in the download area when you try to apply them HTC EVO 4G
J'ai essayé plein d'autres applications du même style, et je reviens toujours à celle ci. Bien meilleure que les apps gratuites. Les critiques négatives, quand on lit leur contenu, viennent clairement de gens qui ne savent pas s'en servir.
This app is worth it!
I love this app...goes great with my custom iKreaM ROM...
(.)(.) boobs!
Samsung gsii works great. Love the endless skins
So they put it back the way it was, thank you, but now the widget stops working every hour. Next update must fix, or I'm using something else
Very good app! I use the battery widget and skins, the 5 day weather forecast, and of course the big nice clock!
Just awesome everything is so crisp and there are many skins for customization
Great customization possibilities. Smooth interface and wonderful templates.
I love this app! Probably the best app I have!
Would help if the brightness toggle could be set to lower than 50%...
Love it
Simple , trendy and fanatstic !!!!!
Best widget EVER. New updates all the time. Excellent. ****** 6/5 stars
Can you add a calendar widget. My stock calendar widget looks dull amidst all the "beautiful"
If I could only have one app on my phone, this would be it. Runs flawless on Droid Razr
Love it!
Nice designs
Needs to have been updated for the galaxy note.
Love it!
This should be installed on every android device as a standard!
One small problem:  mobile data toggle widget doen't seem working.  The button is always 'locked' for change. Hope it is fixed in the future!
once you customize it, its great
I've had this app for 2 weeks on my Samsung Stratosphere. Have had no issues. Only downside is I spend so much time changing things around, it's turning into a major time sink.
Worth the money, good job
Worth every penny..  :)  Love the widgets..  Very beautiful..   Great job..
So many great options!  Best app I have ever bought.
Love this widget pack works great on my HP touchpad running ics and my galaxy nexus running ics also my nexus one running gingerbread. Love all the options here its just a great widget the skin choices are top notch.
Great app. I love how there's different themes for all the widgets. You can even choose what your sun looks like on the weather widget. Great!!
There's a reason this app is consistently in the top 10.
Works well been using it for several weeks.  Would like to see more customization for the other text in the clock widget ex: 3D text all you can do with it now is just change text color.
Its completely customisable with a huge variety of options and settings. Themes to fit every wallpaper.
I love the wide range of customizations!
Animations on weather little sluggish at times
It has a lot of the things I want and had for free on another phone. Now I want a weather widget that reports on any location I specify so I can see the weather in all the places where I have family.
Pan paise khup ghetalyat re
I would add 6 and 7 ours on timed silence.
Must have
Took a while for MIUI to show the widgets but now it is working great. Love all the options. Much better than Fancy Widgets that won't unlock after paying for it.
Took a while for MIUI to show the widgets but now it is working great. Love all the options. Much better than Fancy Widgets that won't unlock after paying for it.
I've been wanting a smaller and more attractive weather clock widget to replace the standard one that came with my phone and this is just what I was looking for. Customization is super easy and fun.
I'm very impressed with this app. Very well-involved while being user friendly. Title is right! Battery display option isn't adjusted correctly for extended batteries.  D3
Adds boldness & personality to my phone.  I find there's more than  enough skins to choose from. Worth the money.
Toggle Widgets Not Working Now! What's up with that??
Don't know where I would be without this app. Phone would be so boring.. NEEDs an update on launcher icon badly, the clunky BW cube is ugly
Have tried tons of different themes & nothin beats a tight wallpaper& these widgets for me! Lots of colors. Can change text color! Rooted D-1(DC-13)
Great app works well on my phone.  I like all the options I have with this app.
Just needs to allow custom font for clocks etc.
Не пожалел, что купил. Анимации тоже красивые. Но не используйте анимации с живыми обоями - сильно просаживается fps.
I had a HTC with some really great weather and clock Widgets but lost that when I upgraded my phone this is my replacement app and it dose a OK job
Works great on Verizon Samsung Galaxy Nexus. No problems at all.
This app is great!!!!!
Works great on my HTC Thunderbolt 2.3.4. And to jack down there, you can't use widgets if you move an app to your SD card...... You being stupid is not a good reason to leave a 1 star rating.
With the price, I am expecting a bit more. something like SMS widget, call log widget maybe nice
A calendar widger wouod ve awesome!
I just wish you guys would add some calendar and agenda widgets to the package.
I just wish you guys would add some calendar and agenda widgets to the package.
Working perfect with my Galaxy Pop! :)
Animations. Needs more impressive and original skins.other than that 5stars
Great app...very staple, been using it for quite awhile...great idea below...i would also upgrade to a calendar widget especially if it integrates with your clock/ weather widget.
Could use cooler looking weather
Pls animate flip clock!
Name speaks for itself
Beautful widgets are essential to a sleek intuitive android experience.
Just what I was looking for. It needs a  contact widget if you can add this in your next upgrade
Good quality
Best of all the time is correct
Used to work wonders and suddenly wont update, and wont download skins. I only have the default skin. Trying to find another weather widget.
I've had BW for many years now and i think it was my first purchased app ever on android ecosystem and i have to say that i'm sincerely impressed. App itself is constantly updated for features and devices. I've installed many similar widgets and I've always come back to the same one, Beautiful Widgets. It doesn't just work and it works great on any number of devices that i've owned over the years.  Samsung Galaxy SII Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Nexus Nook Color
Allows me to get a similar clock on my galaxy 2 to the HTC clock that you can even customise
Good app works well
Simple...easy to use interface....u have to put fourth an effort....unless ur just slow lol
I installed on a HTC Rezound and when I go into it and select setting the top set if buttons don't show the icon, just the words like refresh and the other two..   Have had beautiful widgets for a few years without any issues... Love it..
Great looking widgets. I would happily buy more if they made them!
Love it. Works good on my motorola triump........
My clock has been stopping too. Just started since new update. Droid Razr Maxx.
Keep up the good work. Beautiful
Love this app! Suddenly can't find how to change toggle skins though.
Better widgets than stock android, ok for the 10 cent download.
I love the clock widget and the live weather wallpaper. A lot of other widgets came with it, but I  haven't used them all. Very aesthetically pleasing.
Real good. Nexus prime.
Works great and with all the extra settings this app rates at the top!
Epic
App works very well and great looking. Some people just don't know how to use it.
Lots of options and it fits the name; very beautiful.
Just like sense. Keep up the good work.
Would highly recommend it.
Great app with a lot of useful widgets.
A revelation if you want to change how you use your phone and how it looks. Isn't a heavy load on a mid level handset and doesn't drag on the battery. Love it.
Been using these widgets for a long time.
Awsome and beatifull
This is exactly what I wanted! Very customizable clock and weather, and I love how the live wallpaper shows the weather over my own picture. Galaxy S2
Great app well worth it!  Does as described looks great in my Casio Commando!
I love the wallpapers! The live weather wp is the coolest! This app is a MUST HAVE! These widgets do everything! 10 STARS!!!! Droid RAZR
Please update this for ICS. The clock doesn't update properly. I have had this app for over a year. Worked great on HTC Inc and Tbolt. But needs an update for the G-Nexus.
This is the best weather widget out there. The live wall paper is fantastic, graphix are clean but not over zealous.  Totally customizable.  Worth every penny.
Looking forward to the updates already
Congratulations!  It is one of the first applications purchased and not regret. Of course, like all things in the world can be improved. 5 stars for now.  More stars in the future...............
Beautiful!!! I looooove this widget. It looks amazing on my screen♥
Nice love the ui and the animations
Have used it since the beginning (G1), still lovin' it.
Only problem is top bar will not go below -20
Nice
I bought this waaay back on my old g1 and it has been installed and used on every android device I have used since then. If I could give it more than five stars I would.
I bought this waaay back on my old g1 and it has been installed and used on every android device I have used since then. If I could give it more than five stars I would.
But please make bigger size version.  This widgets seems to be small on Tablets.
One of my best paid app yet after plume. Thanks levelup studio!
Nice widgets but just like good chocolate there's never enough in the box. Still money well spent and works well with my HTC Desire HD. Pucker!
I am very happy with this application. It was well worth the money.
It took me ages to find out how this worked and I had to search the web for a demo video which presumably was done by the developer but which explained very well how the settings work. It now seems to be the best and most useful widget that I have seen anywhere.
Good app
Its great and does everything I want it to! Very recommended for anyone who doesn't like their built in weather or calendar widgets .
I mostly use the clock and weather and it works flawless!
I love this app as a suite of great, individually skin able widget. But my biggest complaint is that when customizing multiple widgets the Menu UI can get really confusing!
Superclock 4x2 randomly stretches out and looks ugly. It does it on stock and skins. I have to trash the widget and make a new one. No other complaints. Lg revolution
I want to use the UK's Met Office for my weather service.
This works great on my galaxy nexus. Avg is malicious. So trust it on android
No problems yet and looks nice.
Solid, simple, and the ability to be personalized! Download the freeby and try it very worth purchasing the licence
Solid, simple, and the ability to be personalized! Download the freeby and try it very worth purchasing the licence
Wow still working great. Been on every phone I've owned since the g1 ;)
Does not work with ics.
Please just put the battery percentage inside the battery.
Never have had any issues... and I have had the app over 6 mo. DROID bionic.  Beautiful app!
Love this application! #1 in my book!
I'd give this 5 stats if somehow weather alerts would be integrated not only on the forecast page but in the notification drawer.
Love it
The best.
The graphics are amazing. Love this app so much I felt inclined to write my first ever review!
Need more apps like this one. Best weather reporter and options on an app. Keep it up!
Looks great, lots of options to choose from.
Best in the market. I have been using it for over a year now.
Nice looks! Please improve the looks to match ICS stock look!
Love this. Wish I knew which one was used on pics in Market.
This is a fantastic app and has some great clock and weather skins. HTC Desire Z
Works great, looks great, love it.
Works fine with Asus Prime ICS
I love this app! Works great! Razr
Weather app is great!!
Best clock/weather widgets I've tried. Would like too see additional weather services added at some point.
App got better when u could add just a 1x1 weather widget ! Deffos must get
Really good package of Widgets.
The toggle widget doesn't work on Galaxy Nexus 4.0.2 #
How do I make the weather icon huge??? In the 4x2 widget
Always on my homescreen.
I've had this for a long time now and it never bores me. There's a skin for everything and any time I use a new wallpaper I can count on this time match! The skins are updated well and I've stupidly just found the weather skin options yesterday! And the price it is at for the current buyers. I've tried every other paid and free equivalent and they're not nearly as good!
This is cooler then the htc clock. Buy it first and you'll love it more then that clock. Thank you, thank you
This is by far the best widget on the market. Easy 5 star!
One of my best purchases off of the market.
Excellent
Great looking widgets with lots of customizations and skins!  Looks great on G2x running gingerbread 2.3.3
One of the best apps.  Animation is great too . Works perfect for me.
Wow. This app or Widgets are awesome.   I got this on sale but now that I know more about I highly recommend it.  This app reminds me why I like Android over iPhone.
I think I'm in love.... HTC inspire looks great... And I can set it to my mood... Thanks bunches!
I love the way it looks. I use it on my homepage and haven't had an issue.
Lots of skins to choose from. Best weather and clock widget in the market.
Enough said
Great looking Widgets with very low battery consumption. Like that there's a ton of skins to choose from. Best I've used by far
Awesome
Very nice. I really like the 1x4 weather/time widget that looks great but doesn't take up much screen space.
Just really, really great.
Many widgets and all very cool
So many themes... Full Customization...
The customizations are limitless and the widgets really are beautiful. Runs smoothly and the animation add-on app just makes it that much more amazing. Definitely worth the $1.99.
A+
A+
Buy it! Love it worth every penny. Perfect app... P. S, PLEASE MAKE COMPATIBLE WITH KINDLE FIRE!
I bought HD widgets as well, and used it for a day.  Then right back to beautiful widgets.
Best Widget App out... Dont worry about it slowing down your phone. You need a faster phone anyway... & its Skinnable
Very, very good. Please some 5x1 widgets for the Galaxy Note. One minor remark: date is displayed "Mon, Jan 2" on some widgets, and "Mon 2 Jan" on other. Happy new year!
go buy fancy widgets if you really want a better variety. by the time I got dobe setting it up I couldn't refund. depressing that I have to keep it now...
Brilliant!
This is great. I love the widgets! I should have gotten this a long time ago.
Good thing I waited. I feel about 10 cents is all its worth. Everything looks kinda tacky. Lacks polish. 10 cents or free should be normal price.
Please allow big notification temperature font for gingerbread.
I've tried all the others. Best home clock widget period! Plus a ton more too!!
The toggle widgets are awesome. Just what I needed. Motorola Electrify
Great app! Very user friendly!
Love it. You should add a calendar widget
Nice widget set. This was my first Android purchase and I have not regretted it. Works nicely on my LG Optimus S MDPI device, both on stock Froyo as shipped and Gingerbread 2.3.3 after OTA update.
good app but slows down the phone
Smooth hd quality
Seems to flicker a fair bit on my galaxy nexus / ics, but still fantastic.
Simply perfect!! Wish however there were more animal themes other than cats. How about horses??
Great application
Great Clocks Great Weather
It's beautiful, loads of options, comes with the ability to change the skin, support for widgets. Needless to say this is an app done right. My phone finally feels like my phone!
Excellent on Samsung Galaxy Nexus !
Awesome, super cool widget!
Great widgets, very customizable. Could really use some settings on the brightness toggle though.
Awesome graphic widgets. Great/useful information.
Should make moon the correct phase on live wallpaper
Didn't have what I wanted, and policy is no refunds.
Looks good and works very well. I recommend it to anyone who got rid of their Sense ROM and miss the clock.
I bought this app for .10 & I love it. It's continually updated with AWESOME widget skins!! <3
Great for customising your phone and there's lots of skins to choose from, one for every taste. The selectable time, mute widget, is great and just what I need. Galaxy S2
Great app, the live wallpaper works too
Great app, the live wallpaper works too
Great app, the live wallpaper works too
wow look at this loser commenting about football...lol way to stay relevant.
Perfect! Wife Loves It too on her Droid X2!  :-) Packers helped Da Bears pack their bags last night with a WIN!
Perfect! Wife Loves It too on her Droid X2!  :-) Packers helped Da Bears pack their bags last night with a WIN!
Latest update broke the app on arc. Sticking on loading widget.
Definitely worth the money, it looks clean and runs incredibly well. Keep up the good work!
Love the widgets, looks brilliant. No complaints.
Love this asp, but wish the moon animation showed the correct phase. The app does show moon phases so not sure why they haven't done this anyway!
Would be perfect with an agenda widget for the calendar! Battery reads in 10s.
Just purchased and testing out. Hopefully it works better than the free weather applications!
This is way better than weather & toggle widget plus I paid for that app a while ago and it's saying I never bought it
Great performance
Is it just me or the ICS clock skin is removed from the list?
First Android app I ever purchased and have never regretted it. Widgets are customizable, clean and fit well within both Gingerbread and ICS. The theme downloader within the app makes it really straightforward to customize to your preferences and the variety of widgets and sizes lets you find endless ways to modify your home screens.
First Android app I ever purchased and have never regretted it. Widgets are customizable, clean and fit well within both Gingerbread and ICS. The theme downloader within the app makes it really straightforward to customize to your preferences and the variety of widgets and sizes lets you find endless ways to modify your home screens.
The best Android app ever!
Really makes the phone stick out with many skin choices. Beautiful Widgets is simply beautiful.
Love it. Best Widgets you can get
But missing multicity option.  Provide d option to know the whether before landing.
Love it!!
Please add a power control widget
Best if its type.  Better than HD widgets by far. Beautiful with many clock and weather skins to pick from. Must have.
Tons of choices.
Probably one of the best Widgets out there
I have had this for over a year it is a Must have love the tablet widgets... Dev tweeted they are working new features as well.
Please fix temp notification its TOO SMALL!! 5 stars still.
I had a downloaded version for a while. Today I decided it was worth buying so I paid the $1.39 it cost. It's a great app works perfect. HTC Inspire
I bought both of them during the $.10 sale and would have gladly paid full price for this and wouldn't pay another dime for theirs. Love the customization and features. Great app!
With all these negative reviews, I'm beginning to think the users are self entitled brats. Try writing a review that doesn't seem like a three year old drafted it. Now for the actual review. Great app! I like the options, and gotta say that not being stuck to a 4x1 toggle bar is great. But I would like a 4g toggle that works for Samsung devices.  Lots of options, awesome customization, and a great purchase.  Recommended.
are the ones complaining in recent reviews, dont listen to them. I've had BW for approx 2 years, its great and so is the dev.
Really excellent set of widgets. Only complaint is that, in the full page weather screen, the wind speed is in mph, but I'm set to metric.
Thanks for bringing back the small temp. notification. The large one looked too basic/baby'ish. Excellent app.
When closing the screen to lock the phone this appear restarts the unlock screen, wasting valuable battery life....deleted it.
Nuff said.
Love it, always been a fan but coming back you guys have gone above and beyond!
Better than any I've used!
Please bring back the larger notification
Hands down the best app of its kind out there... I've had it since it first came out and I absolutely love it... I just wanted to make a quick comment that the previous update that let you see the notification temperature and larger print was great!!! But now it's back to being almost invisible... 5 stars either way but if you could fix that it would be great :-)
Would be perfect with better weather provider like weather underground or noaa
Great widget set. Highly customisable. Unique skins downloadable.
The size of the temperature in the notification bar sucks bring back the larger size!!!!!
Love it!
Only concern is the temperature font size is harder to read now in the notification tray. Please add an option to pick the size. 5 star otherwise.
Only concern is the temperature font size is harder to read now in the notification tray. Please add an option to pick the size. 5 star otherwise.
Temperature font in the notifiation bar too small after updating the app. Please add an option to keep the previous font size for temperature notif.
Can you make the 4g toggle work for lte phones like the galaxy nexus? Thank you.
Enjoying them a lot
Great look, like a have a new phone now! Works perfect on Dinc
Works great on my GN and ICS. Love this app!
Runs great on my rooted HTC desire, some more skins would be nice but all an all I'm very happy with it.
Very good.
totally amazing. battery, weather, and clock widgets are all fully functional and customizable. worth every penny
Anyone that complains is retarded. Everything works great. Much better than stock.
Looks gorgeous paired with ICS. I've used it on every phone I have owned, but looks and works flawless. Galaxy Nexus lte
Couldn't ask for more, especially since it was only $0.10.
Temp too big! Too small! Can't please them all. But the change came quickly, and that kind of service is commendable. Great app and great devs that care about what the people want.
Truly beautiful... just installed the weather widget and put it on the status bar so its not taking up too much space on my phone. Loving this app on my Galaxy Nexus.
Works perfect on galaxy nexus, people need to learn the new OS  if they don't show on the widget page reboot and check again
Thanks for bringing back the small temperature notification
I wish the dev had left the large notification numbers for GB. At least make it an option?
After the update everything is good again!
After the update everything is good again!
Great app
Absolutely amazing graphics and perfect animations. I have both beautiful widgets and fancy widgets and this is much better.
la mejor app de reloj
Must buy to make your device look beautiful. Works smoothly on ATRIX 4G Android 2.3.4
Fantastic app. Best on market. Well done Dev!
I like alot better now since I could get it back to the way I had it
I dont see 5X3 with latest version as mentioned in 'whats new' section.  Also the location is not automatically updated, even when i have selected forced use GPS.  Otherwise its excellent.
Very slick and useful. I love the clean look.  Very useful and, best of all,  eye catching.
Fully support galaxy note with 5 × 2 grid
Very informing
Very informing
Definately lives up to its name. Weather is accurate, animation smooth. Nice clean work.
I love it but ICS doesn't change skin on super clock! :(
I love it but ICS doesn't change skin on super clock! :(
Great app. Lots of skins to download! Got it for 10p! Working great on the galaxy nexus.
What else can I say?
Moto's Date &Time widget would stop running intermittently on my ATRIX.   Replaced it with Beautiful Widgets 1x4 date, time and weather widget.  A++
Temp is way off..hasn't moved in a while
Temp is way off..hasn't moved in a while
Pretty on my Evo and looks awesome on my 42" TV with a Logitech Revue! Recommend too anyone!
Awesome widget! I love how you can set the things YOU want to open when you click on the different icons. All my daily checks in one spot!
The clock and weather widget is the bomb. Last update made it even better. Good dev with a great app. Been using since I got android. 3v0
Worth every cent. All it needs is sound effects on animations and its flawless...Samsung Galaxy Nexus.
My battery life has decreased quite a bit (to be expected), but I LOVE the live wallpaper option. It's really cool to see the fog or snow roll in on my screen.
Not just more but higher quality.  Still love it :)
...so if it's going at a discount there's no excuse to give it a try. It looks gorgeous on an Xperia X8.
Works great. I like that the weather knows what town im in. The google widget that came on my phone doesn't	Work anymore so glad urs does
Works great. I like that the weather knows what town im in. The google widget that came on my phone doesn't	Work anymore so glad urs does
Must have app. Great!
It keeps reminding that the animation addon pack has to be installed
Absolutely amazing! Not a single complaint.
Did anyone else get charged another 1.00 for this app when it was 10 cents yesterday. I want my extra 1.00 back on my card asap
I like it, works properly, time not delays as other widgets.
What can i expect more when I pay 1hkd for this? that's great
I wanted this app for some time now, so when i saw it was only .10 cents I bought it immediately. It looks soooo good on my samsung infuse.
5* The app is amazing. The animations are flawless. Exactly as described. Great work
I Love this app!
Enough said.
Amazing ! No other words to describe this app :-)
Always been looking for that sense weather animation ..
Yay! Finally all fixed and back to normal. :) although I would be even happier if i would have gotten this app for 10 cents.
I love how customizable it is, and since its on sale its even better!! Totally love it!!!
This app is ridiculous. The updates just keep coming and the app just gets better. The dev is dedicated. The app is worth x2 the $. Should come stock.
It's great. Perfect for what I wanted. Cheap, too.
Definitely worth the buy, especially at 10p!
Looks very crisp. htc evo style
I don't want to say much, only give 5 star for this widget.
Grab this for. 10 cents :)
Awesome, have been looking for something that mocks the htc widget and this is it! Samsung exhibit 4g
..not that beautiful
Simply brilliant. Best 10p ive ever spent
Really great app work good in galaxy nexus I really like it.
Nice... I love it
is a great app
Tapping on the clock doesn't open anything for me though
They are plain looking.
A great deal for just 10 cents. Doesn't get any better than that. Happy holidays!
Great widgets! But please add a option for km/h windspeeds ;-)
Good but it should support multiple cities.
My celly feelin fancy... lol
I'm only using this for the weather. I have the time and battery in my notifications bar. It looks fantastic!
By far my favourite part of the many brilliant widgets this provides. Great purchase.
Great app
for only 10cents, who wouldn't get it? Just love the weather widget!
It's great for those who like the sense clock look but don't have an HTC device.
Have used since my first android device, but now it wont install......
love it!
Egy két dolgot bele kéne varázsolni majd a programozóknak(apróságok), de gondolom majd szépen apránként minden a helyére kerül. Nagyon jó app!
Using bw forever can't beat it
GET THIS NOW AT .10 cents US!  Works great! - Droid Razr running Gingerbread.
Awesome!
Great options allowing you to change everything the way you want including weather clock batteries etc
I tested other widgets but found only the battery gadget to be useful. Unfortunately, it does not update the battery level correctly: most of the time, it freezes at a certain level. I don't have any other apps that interferes with the updating interval of the widget. If I remove and the gadget and re-install it, it will show the correct battery level, which is something I'd rather not do! Samsung Galaxy S2.  Updated 12/12/11: I just downloaded the update and now the battery widget works fine. 5 stars for the developer responding to users' feedback!
One of the best buys I've made. Been using it for years
Greatly customizible and really beautiful design.
this widget addon is PERFEECT for those of us who like the htc sense look without the bloat! add the sense adw theme, this, and enjoy the magic!
Hordes of skins, would be near-perfect if only there were more weather services available.
Bring back the whole sense UI look and feel, and customize to your liking.
Works great on my GN, maybe some different/updated themes wouldn't go a miss but considering how long ago I paid for this I wouldn't expect anything for free.
Works great on my GN, maybe some different/updated themes wouldn't go a miss but considering how long ago I paid for this I wouldn't expect anything for free.
Works great on my GN, maybe some different/updated themes wouldn't go a miss but considering how long ago I paid for this I wouldn't expect anything for free.
Good little clock and weather app especially for 10p. Had no problems, but a calender would be nice as miui just ditched there's for some reason
Been wanting this app for a while now and finally got it for cheap. For the price, grab this before it goes back up! - HTC Incredible
Excellent
Yes thank you! I'm loving these deals!! Better to have the real thing that updates than a online ripoff. Nice.
Awesome App. Good graphics as well
Works great on my DROIDX. And XOOM tablet
Drains battery, but I luv it. Its worth the money. But I love when it rains it shows up & windshield wipers come across the screen.
I am 101% satisfied with this app. Excellent job dev team. True value for money. Got more than expected :)
Much better just like how it was great app
I have been using this for almost a year and a half. Beautiful!
One off the best apps in the market
Every update is making it better and better. Excellent app no lag
Please add a 4G widget for the moto RAZR.
Had this app for a while...it keeps on getting better. If I could give 6 stars I would. Keep it up!
Not had a single issue. Very impressed.
Love this app. No trouble with Droid Charge.
I like the Widgets, but it caused my Nexus One (AT&T) to become unstable. When I uninstalled, my phone worked great again. Update: Solid on Atrix
Needs update for better layout on qHD screens.
Thank you for fixing the last terrible update, I am happy again, back to 5 stars.
Not to bad.
Had to copy new downloaded skins from new cskins folder back to original skins folder then reboot phone, now all old and new skins are showing.
Getting better
Luv'it
This update fixed the previous one that jacked things. Thanks!
I have had this app for two years now, both on my first DROID and now on my DROID X.  I have loved it since I first bought it. No issues at all!
Gets the job done.
Thanks working great again
Everything works great!! Nexus One running CM 7.
No news integration on otherwise great looking widgets, no flashlight/torch widget for toggle. If these to issues were fixed would have 5 stars.
I have had this app for nearly 2 years now was fantastic to begin with but seems to have lost its sparkle, after reading recent comments won't be upd
Great app to bring very useful Widgets to your homeacreen, regardless of what phone of Android OS you're using.
Works great, awesome added functionality, and beautiful like the name says.
The best weather app
The best weather app
Looks awesome on Motorola photon 4g worth every penny
Great app, love it
Works ok. Little choppy but it is what I wanted.
