Purchased.. regretting now
Not workink at all,  the is no difference what so ever.  Crap!
It doesn't work properly, it doesn'y do what is ment for: I've selected in options maximum boost on screen lock, and it clears only a couple of hundred bytes of memory! I can attach a log to intrested! Also, I set it up toautoboost when free memory is 20%. but it doesnt do it at whle! I've just waisted money for pro version. People - don't by it, just try free wersion and you'll see it is crap! (Galaxy Tab).
Horrible app tried to return within the 15 min allowed by Google & never received my money back or a reply form the developer
Slowed my galaxy tab down to annoying levels.  Pity there is no refund a few days after purchase.   Hoped it was coincidence, unfortunately not!
It doesn't kill tasks with auto boost, just only manual task killer. And I paid for it. :(
If won't download
......
Don't buy it
It won't let me update, says I haven't purchased it. Which I have.
Can't authenticate license anymore
It dosn't work at all crap and bullshit complete waste of money
No functional control! Checks all, tries to wreck you! No simple "user", "system" Junk!
Did absolutely nothing.  if anything the lags got worse.
Memory boosters are actually problematic to your phone. When turned off, my RAM seems to be just the same. They seem to actually cause slowdowns.
Waste of money. Looks the part, but phone still gets just as laggy as it did before. Am uninstalling. Motorola defy
I've had my DROID3 for four days now the second I put this app on it my phone started freezing and crashing waist of time and money
Phone would constantly lag & hang. Wanted to throw it at the wall. This is no longer a problem. Runs better than new! HTC Incredible 2.2
Automatic boost is not working. Set it runs when memory lower than 35% but it doesn't run event memory is only 22% left
I downloaded this app and it screwed up my phone! My phone would not work until I uninstalled it!!! I do not suggest u use this app
I have another memory booster that has far more control over the running apps and its free. If anything it slows the phone down. I would NOT recommend this app.
Istalled on ma new hndset says invalid licence...
This program was poor at clearing apps and boosting. It would only clear bytes of memory, never megabytes. Found it also slowed down my phone--oppostie of what i got it for. I regret spending money on this program
Now its not :( lg optimus by Sprint    3g
Again, a problem with upgrading. I purchased this product over a year ago. Might have used PayPal, bought still shows as purchased full version. Market shows new version available but no download. I have not purchased it. What gives, getting fed up, why bother?
It shows meters that it works it might speed imob a little faster but not worth paying money
Does not kill all tasks... just re starts them!
Phone does run faster but the down side of the performance u lose reliability. Tends to drop out of signal often, making it very frustrating.
This right here is the ish, my phone speeds up like a racket. I got my moneys worth.
For now
This app kept freezing up my phone. I'm going to ask for a refund. Already uninstalled it.
Power hungry or what! Not to mention it opens itself even if you kill it's process!
It was working fine now on my galaxy nexus all it does is crash and freeze up the phone. Hopefully they will fix it.
The auto boost is poor, even on ultimate every 10 minutes it still misses all the crap I want closed somehow, and despite running all night, come morning the phone is bogged down with crap once again. Poor
Purchased this the day you could, if used correctly this app worked like a dream, unfortunately since android updated to 2.3.3 sorry to say but application now useless...	I am upset this used to b 5 star app no question now eats up an extreme amount of mb. On top of that, gage telling you m b level, its incorrect :-(
it does what is says, but in effect slowed down my phone. all these app killer, memory booster apps are pointless, unnecessary, or even counterproductive. i think i tried them all by now. no more.
Ok I'm here now lets see this work htc evo right now I'm averaging between 75,80 used impress me
After several reinstallation and update now the app works perfectly. Now defy plus works smoothly. I definitely recommend this app.
I love this app on my phone but it caused my tablet to lock up all the time. But you just don't know till you try.
I am satisfied with this app, the only recommendation i have is that you make it able to be saved to the sd card. If not for that, it would be 5 stars.
Very confused... I've already paid for this app & I just went to quick boost & got a message saying I'd have to pay if I want to continued using this!
Running alongside my switch widget, I have control - 5 stars when both are 1! (Great UI, IMO)
Would give five stars except it will not rotate into landscape view, please include this feature in a future update.
After every 5th use it just opens to a blank screen & sucks RAM down to 5MB. Dev doesn't know why & only solution is to clear data. Kills license! Boo
A rip off. Waste of money. It uses 31mb of ram itself. Too late for a refund. Need more than 15mins to try apps out.
Awesome on my X. Paid for the full version, but when are we getting it for the tablets, honeycomb, Acer Iconia a500.
Simple to use and a great app
Super application pour liberer de la memoire rapide et efficace surtout avec 500 app et sd 32 giga merci
Problem solved! That was quick! Working great now! 5 stars!
This will speed up your cellphone I just love it
This is my fav taskkiller. I don't know why and I'm sure there are better, but I like this one best.
Works better than I had imagined it would. Easy to understand and phone doesn't need to be rooted.
For those of us that feel somewhat "memory challenged," this is the best piece of programming that I've found so far.  It attends to things quite on its own, and at the same time has powerful settings that are simple to understand.
It works great on my phone.
I was worried once my town got 4G... it absolutely crushed my battery... even with both of my other task killers installed... this app added half of my battery life back literally... amazing
I have a galaxy note. And being that this phone is a high performance phone, I thought it would be smooth as butter. And for the most part it was. But ram usage was constantly high, and lag was killing me. Then I found this app. Enough said.
Excellent
Excellent
I have downloaded many task killers and this app is a all in one suite. Full version is definitely worth it for what it does. 75% battery left after my work day is almost over.
Piece of mind being able to pinpoint issues.
Love it!
Boost threshold if goes below x percentage of RAM, Boost every x minutes, and White list work well for non-rooted phones.
It certainly improved my Samsung galaxy ii
This works no doubt works v good with s galaxy's see the different s almost perfect u need to no how to use it my phone used to take its time when trying to open an app or go to messages now anything i open takes a split second it made the phone respond fast i mean fast & stopped my phone from freezing now its smooth this app takes the cake if your phone runs claggy sometimes get this app. Fellas  very well done keep working on it
Just what I was looking for, my hTC Desire is very limited when it comes to RAM, frustratingly so and this program has breathed some new life into it. Well worth the couple of quid it costs for the full version.
Awesome
Great app!
This program was poor at clearing apps and boosting. It would only clear bytes of memory, never megabytes. Found it also slowed down my phone--oppostie of what i got it for. I regret spending money on this program
having that trashold limit your phone will never have lag again. this apps will kill others services and apps when that low memory value you had is riched.
Seems to do the job and do it well, very impressed so far.
Works well. One of the best around
Everyone buy this app
Good app
Great app I love it ! Soo worth it to buy it..my phone runs great all the time..no complains at all..people r retarted with the bad reviews shld b rated a 5.0
It work's Good
Recommended 4every android user, it is must to use
My phone is way faster
Excels at what it claims to do.  Great design!
It boosts my memory it helps a lot
It works well my phone barely ran well before and is quick now
This is a go to app I can't live without, runs flawlessly and speeds up phone, big difference in phone performance!  If u have a problem, just email them.  They are super responsive and will help you until your problem is solved.thanks:)  love it:-)
It does what says. Just needs to keep apps killed longer.
I have been using this app for over a year now and also highly recommend it to friends and coworkers. Works well without alot of force close and unresponsive behavior. Please add the option to move to S.D. card and it will be fantastic. Great job developing very adaptable and customizable.
an app worth paying money 4
This app is working great on Motorola Bravo. Phone is running better than ever. Well worth the couple bucks they are asking
Every 10 minutes, a quick optimize followed by a much faster and stable Android. Awesome people get this App; restores over 60 percent of your memory every 10 minutes10 minutes
Not sure if its doing anything but it recovers around 25mb everytime from....somewhere.
Works wonderfully on my Pantech Crossover!
Got full version. Runs great samsung epic 4g
This app gave me memory I never knew my phone had.  No more low memory reminder annoying me all day!
Tried alot of memory apps, this is the best
It works perfectly well, coupled with Battery Booster, also from the same dev, system run very stable and efficiently fast. My tablet feels like operating a PC. :D
Unbelievable!
Because my G2X freezes and lags very often, memory booster plus the advance task killer helps to significantly reduce these issues the G2X carries.
Love it
Works great.
Works. MyTouch 4G Slide. Better than a simple task killer. Defrags and auto-frees. No more out of memory errors. No problems. Paid version.
Woeks great a must have app
This app is a must have an sorted out my memory crashes as I had plenty. Best app ever thank you!
Would give five stars except it will not rotate into landscape view, please include this feature in a future update.
Got it for my Samsung Galaxy S, fon was starting to slow down ,so downloaded this right back to its quick speed!!!! 5*
The best I can see the different
No functional control! Checks all, tries to wreck you! No simple "user", "system" Junk!
Works great, take time to setup whitelist! Free version isn't automated. (HTC Sensation 4G)
Great app. DROID X
Great app. DROID X
It is very good
I'be tried them all,and I would like to concratulate IMOBLIFE for this one.Desire HD 2.3.3.
So far, I love it! Haven't had the Low Memory notification pop up since I downloaded it! LG Ally has very low internal memory and this helps!
Saves me when my phone gets slow and bogged down with background apps running. Also SAVES MY BATTERY LIFE! AMAZING APP!
Tried four such apps. This one is worth paying for. Highly configurable.
Otherwise seems to have all the features I wanted
This app is great you have tons of space on your phone that you don't know about this app clears that all up nd keeps your phone from becomin slow!!!!
I gotta say, it's the best memory booster and task killer I've tried so far. My HTC Sensation 4g definitely runs smoother. I'm totally loving it!
I absolutely love love LOVE my Memory Booster! Takes the place of 3 other apps & keeps me with 200+MB of free RAM with PAID VERSION
This right here is the ish, my phone speeds up like a racket. I got my moneys worth.
This right here is the ish, my phone speeds up like a racket. I got my moneys worth.
This right here is the ish, my phone speeds up like a racket. I got my moneys worth.
This right here is the ish, my phone speeds up like a racket. I got my moneys worth.
I use it in my touch and it really speeds up my phone a lot great ap love it
Memory Booster is awesome! I thought my 3D phone was fast but this is pleasantly ridiculous! Be sure and reboot after using to feel the difference.
Memory Booster is awesome! I thought my 3D phone was fast but this is pleasantly ridiculous! Be sure and reboot after using to feel the difference.
Phone would constantly lag & hang. Wanted to throw it at the wall. This is no longer a problem. Runs better than new! HTC Incredible 2.2
Phone would constantly lag & hang. Wanted to throw it at the wall. This is no longer a problem. Runs better than new! HTC Incredible 2.2
This application helped a lot on my Arc. Arc has quite a less RAM and it used to get slow after couple of mins, But with this app i am able to get memory freed while running in background It Rock!!
Superb memory and ram booster in the market!! Works wonder for my mdx. Excellent work dev! Highly recommend this app.
I downloaded this app and it screwed up my phone! My phone would not work until I uninstalled it!!! I do not suggest u use this app
Great change after I purchased the full version. A must have for any android user. My phone is always over 70% free ram. Thanks!!! -DELL Streak 5.
Great change after I purchased the full version. A must have for any android user. My phone is always over 70% free ram. Thanks!!! -DELL Streak 5.
Great change after I purchased the full version. A must have for any android user. My phone is always over 70% free ram. Thanks!!! -DELL Streak 5.
Tried them all like the fact that you can set levels for non rooted phones great app and excellent widgets
Tried them all like the fact that you can set levels for non rooted phones great app and excellent widgets
