Takes about 3 minutes to load, and just crashes every single time due to server error.
Auto update today wiped my account fresh....no clue how to restore.
Just updated and it has now removed the app from my device. God knows how many hours have been wasted. Won't be downloading again!!
Add me 313-913-835  It's fun but needs tweaking.
I was having fun playing this game till you updated it, after the update it deleted it from my phone icon is still there but I cannot open it, but if I go to the play store it says it is on my phone.  So now I can't download it nor can I play it anymore.
Just downloaded game and it doesn't work screen stays black can't see anything waste of time to even download would give zero stars if I could
I do not like the new update whatsoever.
Destroy my game when update begun....rate it .10000000
Silly! Stupid! After playing for a minute, which was not fun, you have to pay to play! Waste of time!
Needs a lot of work
Updated and now have to repair my whole base and no missions work.
Very addictive...love it!! 414 011 937  well I used ta love it til I updated it. Now it just sucks. So it gets one star now.
Buggy.  Broken again at last update.  Basically same as facebook mafia wars and the like.  Pay REAL $ to play fast and conveniently.  Annoying,  potentially expensive waste of time -when you have to play at designers' convenience instead of your own.  Games should not be JOBS with a time clock that you have to go to.  Uninstalling.
Running the game after the update, I find most of my buildings destroyed even though no-one had attacked me, and all the mission areas are now graphically corrupted
This game WAS great untill I updated it. It erased my game. I was at level 11 with a great base and plenty of units. I spent plenty of time building my account for this game and its just lost. I would give five stars if I had my account. I will not play this game anymore. It's hopeless.  Joe
Had 8 crates to open with 3 goggles already and game crashed and all my crates and goggles are gone and so is the goggles icon
Add 370-986-710
Plaid the game for days and all of a sudden all my buildings just disappeared
I have a galaxy gio & it wont let me play
Like somebody trying to make world war 3D, well in my opinion they failed as there is well to much lag and for a 'war' game it plays like farm town.
Sucks
To many bugs for one games always freesing and locking my phone up. Second I can't keep up unless I spend real money.
Xf
The most boring game ever. Its way too simple
Need improve graphics
Waste of time and energy.what fun is a game you are held hostage from the start.were not playing the game, the game is playing us........have fun fools
Trying To Download This 4 Free R2 Points @RRLLIC App #EndNWO
Add me daily play and overall good game minus the freezing. 213495965
You have to pay for everything game should be more like crime city I only have to pay for attacks once
23
The game would be awesome but unfortunately the creator is kust trying to make a quick buck off of cellphone games. Yall charge like 9 bucks for 100 gold and the prices are so ridiculous for items that a person can spend a large amout of "real" money fast!
Snipers don't snipe two feets away, world war is better although not 3d
Add me so we can rule the battlefield together 943-779-217
Won't load any more on my s3
This kid has a lot of things 320 ground and air water  and his on lv 20 I hate  that they can play like a game they have to cheat
I gave them my personal info to get free gold bucks..And they said it didn(t go through 3 times!!! Look out for these crooks
I BOUGHT A NATURAL GAS PLANT FOR 84,000 DOLLARS AND THE GAME JUST TOOK ALL OF MY GAME MONEY!!!!!
like best
Too expencive. Fun to begin with but they employ bots to make you want to spend real worls cash. If it were just the game I would have bought it for €1  As it is I would not reccomend this app
Lol no its fun but I always hate games with energy
Adding allies just ensures you will have a casualty at least every time you fight or raid! So, you'll never recoup your losses by raiding or fighting anyone. Plus, what is up with only being able to attack same number or greater allies? Get a clue. Crime City is way better.  I also agree with the other comments on here that it takes way too long to build or upgrade anything on base! They must not want any daily players.
No good keops freezing up or force closing
It doesn't work
T
Doesnt load since I installed it.___.
Both crime city and modern war are slow and crash please fix this everyone is telling you to fix these issues...
It never opens. Uninstalling ...
Another cookie cutter app with no originality. Nothing here that hasn't been done (and often done better) a million times on every mobile platform
Freezes constantly when trying to go to other bases
Too slow pace. It is a fun game for the 3 minutes a day that it lets me play.
This game is awesome, and friend me please my tag is 163-917-610.
I don't personally like this type if game and to me it takes too many taps to get anything done.
Halfway through loading it stops and says "error. Retry?"
Game is VERY unstable on my SGS3 . Keeps freezing and the tapads DO NOT work. I keep getting "webpage cannot be displayed".  Do not recommend to anyone.
Loads but constantly force closes and when it miracouslaly  works its too slow
On the first level the tank doesn't show up
Nice but I dont like the graphics
Add me U.S.A. 551-470-765
Everytime i open it and it gets to the loading screen it force closes
Very slow and expensive
Freezes ALLOT shame to seems like fun.
I like it
Fun for 5 min but gets boring after....same stuff over and over (review: LoneWolf)
Great game! I think its better than crime city!
Always crashes
I download the game but it says package file invalid when I am installing it don't know if its my phone or the install be nice if  I knew
Takes forever to level up
Game is slow!! You don't even get to do the fighting!! Also everything you need costs money!! Game is WACK!!!!!
MW for android!
Updated: not only does this force close on startup but it also made my desktop/home unresponsive every so often. Uninstalling fixed it
Add me!
Freezes up a lot
A game called Dark Galaxy has the same idea and started over a year ago...points go to attack defense stamina and energy. This game is only a farmville version...
I got an error trying to download the game. It said "Package File Invalid".
I was looking forward to  play this game :(
Does anyone actually pay ~$100 (REAL MONEY!!!) for ONE unit? The graphics have nothing to do with the rest of the game. Money doesn't accumulate, which is annoying but also means ppl rarely have unprotected cash to make attacking worthwhile. If you like obsessively logging on to click random pictures and then not succeed w/o paying ridiculous amounts of money, then you'll love this game.
Not very fun
Very buggy game, refresh button when attacking rivals not working. Ghost attack avatar disappeares from screen while attacking. Graphical glitches Hair, hats and masks don't mesh correctly with head. UPDATE DID NOTHING AT ALL! LIKE MOST CRIME CITY UPDATES PLEASE DON'T WASTE PEOPLES TIME AND DATA ALLOWANCE GREE THANK YOU
Far far too many bugs and glitches; needs to be fixed because they are unacceptable.
It freezes way to much
By mistake i clicked Russia instead of my home nation of America and even when i had cleared the data ob the application I STILL could'nt change ny nation if i could have gotten this switched i probably would have rated it higher
Boring  as f..! Only for no life's! !!
Cannot upgrade oil rig due to invalid data or protect my cash earned.  What the hell does this mean??  It tells me to delete and reinstall.  Crime city did the same thing so I just deleted it.  I want this game to work, but will uninstall and never use these products again.
This game is terrible.
Need all of u guys come and join me in this revolution
This game is crap unless u have a shitload of money and time
It needs more work it freezes everytime I play it and sometimes I have a black screen for 30 minutes at least and sometimes it will freeze your phone
For the Droid x2 it likes to lag and freeze and unplayable
add: 188 811 989  I play every hour
Gay like all of your games
Good concept, upgrades" and building take too long. Especially since you can only do one upgrade or build one building at a time. You could always do the quick upgrade but you will have to buy gold. Why put out a free game if you can't make money somehow. Would also be nice if regeneration of energy or Stamina would be quicker, or be able to have a boost building to do that. On the fence about deleting...nevermind delete
Would be good if it  stopped force closing
Hate it
It would show a load bar and it would never finish
Would not let me place buildings after the first 2. Had issues loading. Fun, but not worth the trouble.
Incredibly complicated gameplay for such a bland and boring game
Design is not too bad, but u are trying to force me to use real money for units building / upgrading etc by only allowing doing one at a time. This makes the game progress too slowly & it becomes really boring before long. Please try to reconcile the better gaming experience & your money making motives. Plus, it crashes & keeps force closing regularly!
This is the worst game ever it constantly meses up at the loading screen fix it
I'll add more stars if I like it!!! even though it's on the sd card, it takes 2 much memory. + u have 2 much stuff u have 2 buy that takes gold. Uninstulin
Who would pay $100.00 dollars 4 fuckin extra cash u gotta b nuts. Why don't u just charge 4 the game and get it over with. Ok
This app keeps locking up my phone even though i use it on a wifi network!!! Never downloading this app again.
App is 240 mb. Give or take. That's 1/4 of avg nowadays plans. App does not load on WiFi using Samsung galaxy s3.
Pathetic excuse for a game! The object here is to get people to pay money for imaginary gold to play the game with. Or if you don't purchase the gold you can waste time downloading, running, and uninstalling other software. Seriously, is this how mind numb the human race has become? I would rather watch paint dry!
Okay, not that much fun.
Initially fun. Now is crashing every 5 minutes. The fight and units mechanics is strange. You cant apply a strategy. You attack a rival and there no way to see the mechanics of the units involved in that battle. The strategic value of a unit is a black hole ... of course if you pay you get indestructible units ... the game sucks.
suks. u get money then other people come and take it from u. its anoying.
A game that runs on energy wack and they.expext u to put money init nAw
I can't get on anymore it keeps on force closing
Force close
Breen playing for a good few days , got into alot and now it will never load up and u don't actual see the battle it dies it for u this game deserves a 1star I would rather play hello kitty
Worst app ever freezes my phone everytime I open it. Uninstalled.
It freezes up way tooooooooooooooooooooooooooo much!!!!!!!!!
I have more than enough space
This game would be awesome....if i weren't being raided 20-30 tines a day
I am playing this with my young grandson and we both love it. We just wish there was a better way to win golds.
Fun game but You will need to spend real money to get anything good. I hate games that do that.!!!!!!  :(
Installed on asus,didn't run well at. Either hung or exited.  Try it but don't have high hopes at this time.
Crashes 2 out of 3 times it's started.
Doesnt work...very slow load..and then restarts my phone..dont get it
Stupid
Ok
Add me. 646 285 923
The game wont load...
العبة بضان اوى
Wont let me play
Ive downloaded it but evertime it loads it says "unknown error occured". I WANT TO PLAY IT! i have an htc sensation, plz fix
Poo poo
Game crashes a lot, freezes a lot to force me to turn of my phoned. Worse my buildings wont make money after it crashes! I have to run it again or the timers wont run meaning u waste time if u dont play it again! And if u do it will just crash again! DONT play with samsung galaxy S! Really needs to be fixed!
Heavy size game. Can you improve to save to SD card.
What a load of drivel
So I played this for 4 days, built a nice base and then without explanation half my buildings are gone, Gree do some decent gesting before you vive your crap to the world.
Worst game i ever played
If I could give it -1000 I would. Utter UTTER bollox!!!!
I wont intall i tryed with crime city same thing
This game is kinda boring lol
Add me not sure how to play
Would honestly take 2 years to complete
I downloaded it, and its not appearing in my apps. What the fu*k?
Cheap copy of crime city.
Not good
Im a girl and this is totally a great game i mean like totally....Dont DOWNLOAD this!!...Oh and im a guy and my name is evan... Sucks
I bought a $26,000 building and didnt get it!! DO NOT INSTALL!!!!!!!!!!!!!
To me u run out of stamina to quickly cause when I attacked once I lost all my stamina and had no gold and the gold is over prices we don't have money to blow
Hurrble
They spam your phone direct cant shut it down. Must buy upgrades and weapons to advance and its ridiculus expensive!
I downloaded this game just in time to find that I can't play it. Once I choose my country, the screen is black. So I can't play it.
WTF?
A little glitchy at first but otherwise a good game, I play everyday 397287716
Very very slow do not install
Game wont load
Rubbish it slows down my phone and gave me a viras
Sucks
Lammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmme!!!!!!
But why
My stats keep changing when I am matched against someone with lower stats. Sometim freezes and the screen goes black & when I open it, it never loads.
Updates only get worse. New update wont upload.
shit
A Not good
This game reminds me of early Facebook games, like Mafia Wars,  only without the social gaming twist that made those games vaguely interesting. As is, this game is nothing more than a simple Skinner Box, rewarding the player for repetitive clicking on meaningless sprites in exchange for the occasional food pellet. No innovation to be found here.
Sucks and takes up to much space
K
How do u make a new game if u fucked up
This is the worst game ever
Won't play on HTC desire he
Ssuuuucks
I can't even pass the first mission it says click the tank but theres no tank :(
Lol
No reason this app needs to be able to read my phone#, the #s i call or the #s that call me. Beware of this app!!!!!
Uninstalled within the first 30 seconds. Slow and boring. Complete waste of data.
Dumb game.
Don't waste your time. LAME!!
Boring and you run out energy too fast to do much of anything
Were is the tank ?!?!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!!!?!?!?!??!?!?!???????????!!!!!!!!!!!
Can get it to work every time it says error problem
This game does not work  it stays frost dont download
Terrible interface, so many clicks to do anything.  Even tutorial is terrible.  How many clicks are needed before the game responds?
This really is quite terrible, I do wonder why people keep playing this type of game.
When I strt it say to disable a tank an I look Everwere no tank plzz help
Don't ever get this game
Takes to long to load
what is the point of spending money on an item just to lose it trying to raid someones base, even if it says low or very low, I still lose item and defense and attack everytime even if I win a battle pointless up to your tricks again I see, should of kept it like crime city
This game stupid
Suck
It sucks
SO RUBBISH¡¡¡¡ DO NOT DOWN LOAD :-(
SO RUBBISH¡¡¡¡ DO NOT DOWN LOAD :-(
Its good if the game is  free coz it kill the person ..when someone try to build the base ...you have to buy everything ..and it might cost you more than $700 to complete the base ....srs ....rubbish....
Deleting!!
If I could I give this sorry excuse of a game cero stars.
Keeps locking up, samsung galaxy
I can't even play it because it's pushing out of the game this sucks!!!!!!!!
Can't even play the game without it force closing or just freezing. Deleting!
Sucked -Big time -uninstalled after 5 minutes.  Amazed Infinity Ward haven't sued for copyright infringement for this pile of c**p
This game is not worth your time.......
garbage
No
Worse then any other game i played close to this gameplay
Would be nice to up grade more than one unit at one time, that said I'm addicted. :)
Developers are greedy all good things cost like $50 real money really and upgrading only one building at a time and no way for free gold exept downloads which give u only 1 gold so gay its all simulated neway no real war
Very glitchy and unstable. Developers are way toooo greeedy this is not a PS3 or XBox 360. $100 dollars of real money would not get you much in this game. We should not be expected to pay that ridiculous amount of money to be able to play this game to its potential. Thieving a**  greedy developers.
This is such a waist of time! Built only to promote in-app purchase.
Ughhh everytime I try to go on the game it takes me back to the main screen on my phone
Doesnt even work. Dont waste ur time
This game blows
And the gold seems only available by buying it with real money..
...
down side is wait time when building.
It sucks soo bad that it makees Katy Perry sound good
Simply all I got is an error message.
I don't like these kinds of games.
This game crashes on a daily bases as bad as crime city .....
Horribly gay
Im a girl and im only downloading it for money on  top girl its stupid
Keeps fuckin force close, if problem doesmt fix im uninstalling
I hate this game it is bad
Has potential, but is riddled with flaws and issues. It seems similar to crime city, but a downgrade as well as revamped to be a bigger money leech to progress/ succeed
It sucks jk it rocks
Very laggy a worthless game!
Not to good of  a game
Eat
I tried playing it but I loads. Half way and closes
You bricked my sony s tab, I would have sent a report but I couldnt because YOU BRICKED MY SONY S TABLET!
I am able to play for about 1  minute before it crashes. It seems like a cool game but can't tell since I can't play. Once its fixed I will give a proper review.
I cant get to open and when i do the phone says virus alert.   I dont recommend
The game is so basic. I might as well play crime story or something like that.
I really think grafics are bad
add 683-632-681
I downloaded this game just to see how I would like it, because obviously many other people liked it too! So I installed it and ran the app. Once I ran the app it started to load then it completely froze my phone for a straight two hours until I had to take out the battery out of my phone and completely reset my device! I don't recommend this game to ANYONE unless you want to go through the same situation as me!
I up loaded modern war threw crime city in thoughts i was getting a bad as s gun well i never got it how do i get it?
Tap. Tap. Tap.
Waste of space
And lame dount lije it that much
The game itself is fun but it keeps force closing and then not restarting. Will freeze up all the time. Droid bionic.
now what
Dont even try.it they want to suck you dry.
Game will not download says invalid package please work on this thanks
I need this game just long enof to get my gems
in the meritime level with steath ship n rocket ship both r invisible can do objectivr ? wdid
.
everthing is all about buying upgrades, chill out
Add. Great game
But wait times are a little on the long side, I mean c'mon, 24 hours to make a building & only one can be made at a time.. It's gonna get boring (& forgotten about) real fast.   After playing a while changed to crap! It takes so long after your lvl 10 to earn money to buy anything that your always attacked & loosing all your money even if you have loads of defences.. Now Uninstalled!!
Firstly, consider this fact. I am not into these type of games (games were you are forced to spam your Facebook friends in the hopes they will spend money on...well nothing!) I am an avid gamer. I enjoy almost any genre of games simply because I appreciate the developer's spin on game mechanics. This takes no strategy and I for one had NO fun clicking on units just to be told "get more points by providing more emails that we can maliciously target". This is NO GAME.
See I would have already put more than 50 dollars  into this game just because that's the type of person I am. But this game glitches way too much my game glitches probably close to 10 times a day and it is super stupid that you can only build 1 building at a time and some stuff should be cheaper or easier ways to get money and for some reason I can never put down a shipyard it always stays red this game has a lot of problems.  but is by far the best game for smartphones it just needs a update asap
Loader gets to 80% and sticks. Played a lot now I can't. Broken
Coins again
Horrible! So boring!
This game sucks. I used to like crime city but now it sucks cause it's boring.
I started playing and 5 minutes into the game it froze my DROID RAZR for an hour then finally it turned off and my battery was dead and I had 75% battery when I started uninstalled.
Boooooo!!!!
Buy stuff sign up for stuff or die.
Game freezes before ever opening. And if it does open it gets so laggy I have to take the battery out of my phone to reboot!! Please fix!!
It acts dumb n its really slow hopefully the update will fix that
Bailey
I was able to play the first day i downloaded this game now it wont load even after the update wtf thought it was a good game
Keeps saying its not installed on my phone when it clearly is and was playing it the last few days until this morning.
Add me 775_972_794
Really greedy and simple game designed around paying (big) money to not wait 90% of the time! And even without waiting there's absolutely no depth or mechanics AT ALL other than tapping completely mindlessly, I'm guessing (haven't played) that this is reskinned Farmville almost. Try it out - but whatever you do, DON'T pay anything - I sure didn't!  P.S. I have to be honest... Without the real money features and the childish tap-missions, what remains is a quite decent game. A game that could be truly great
ADD ME: 851-938-234
Games played by real time clock wichis much to slow when collecting and building armies. There no way that I have found to get gold other than paying cash. That's hard on some one like me a disabled vet that. Uses the game as way to take my mind off of things. I can't afford the gold on a very fixed income.that's why I play these free versions
Decent game, but it crashes all the time and some times it won't even start, for example I have been trying to play it for the last 3 hours and it won't start. Someone is probably robbing me blind right now!!
Its an okay game
Fun game but obviously a scam. You cant really play the hole game with out pulling out your credit card on a regular basis. Thought it was cool til I realized its just a way to get in ur pocket
To slow of a game
Better than crime city no bullshitt
There r no contest but there r in ipad and i have no rankings but there r in ipad so it gives them unfair advantage.
2 1/2 days to upgrade or expand makes it boring. Real money costs are ridiculous yet you can tell who's forked over more than $100 by their base.
For the first two weeks worked great would be 5 star but latly everytime I try to collect money it freezes really annnoying
Take to long for my for things to reup. Have to stop and wait and stuff cost to much.
Could be better if I could by what I want long as I have the funds instead of needing gold bars for things that what's makes me want to uninstall. Get rid of the gold bars or make them easy to obtain like the money an energy replenishes to slow.
Ok
A little boring.  You have to pay money to really have fun.  And just when you can buy something you get raided.
Great game! But it would be nice to delete account and start over. Dont wanna play it unless i start over. So uninstalled til then..
Need Alliances please. Hard to compete if you don't sink cash into this game. It's slow play as well with many glitches (like it won't let me accept multiple ally request). Still, can pass some time with it. Give it a "C-" for now ...
They try pto copy COD
Its not responing what the heck
Placing of buildings is terrible.... needs many improvements.
Game would be funner if it wasnt always limiting you by things. If you want more of anything you have to continuosly buy stuff from them. Im sure we are paying twice as much as the game costs. A good war game on pc would only cost approx $40, but you spend that in this game with two purchases of gold bricks. Then what... You need more agian later. This is why im uninstalling
great time waster... pay players vs non win . long upgrade times. can't anyone invent something to play that doesn't make you wait to play or pay... have some option to ... all I do is play for 5 minutes then wait 30 or more, go do something else.  age of empires... exploration, much more interesting... less waiting. those were the days.
It sux
420
Fun way to be entertained. Please add me:966823374
Thought it was cool at 1st.but really getting sick of losing all my money to attacks.wen u lose more then u can collect.real time waster...
I like it
1) how it forces closes every 15 minutes... literally and sometimes more during "peak hours". and 2) how the difference between people who pay real money isn't even funny to talk about, im talking about getting raped 1000 attack vs 350 attack when we are both level 11 is kind of obvious ...
I spent lots of ingame money a shipyard and it just dissapeared since it is a unit building in the game I can't buy it again so I can never unlock any more naval troops and ships I should get loads of free stuff I am not kidding!
Yes its suck.Not that worth downloading.
Fun but I can't enjoy it with the many things wrong with THIS STUPID GAME!
Nothing new here tap tap tap
Most of the time it wont even open... Until they fix this I say its garbage
I always need allies. Add me 750 616 371
TOO EXPENSIVE!!!! Costs too much to buy good items, takes too long to build or upgrade, can only upgrade or build 1 building at a time. Takes too long to replinish your attack bar and stamina. Has good graphics for buildings but its sick on the avatars.
Lagging but over all good to go.
Awesome addictive game, I would give it 5 stars but, its obvious they want you to spend your real cash to get ahead in the game. After reaching a certain point you have no choice but to break out the credit card $$$$$
Game is slow and boring.
games
Great game
Not as good as other games, to time consuming, takes to long to complete missions
Except other players steal your crops and burn your farm down. If you're a fan of waiting for very little pay off then this game is for you. It offers pvp but you have no direct control over combat. Two stars because what it does it does very well... problem is that what it does sucks. Save your 25meg of bandwidth for something else.
Laggs out alot an has to foreclose alot but its a good game it could use a chat feature thad be nice will rate 5* when fixed
Good game fun actions, same basic farm ville type game,the more attention that you pay to it the better things will go for you. Plus if you do not dote on it like a spoiled child other people will come in and steal your stuff.
senes touch not so good . pls fix it.
this game lags 24/7 :(  uninstalled it
My mob number is 669-024-654 let's get it the game take power from you and you have to 're. Fight people often a lot like crime city
T_T
figuring out what to do and how to do it. The best weapons, the best buildings, the best personnel are all bought with gold bars, which means you have to pay for it with a realtime credit card. Otherwise it's near impossible to gain any experience.
Decent game. Fun. However you lose your units to easily they cost to much to get back, you dont get gold, building upgrades cost to much and you can only do one at a time, makes it tough to upgrade builings have $ to expand, and get troop you lost from fighting back. A lot of upgrades and ollections take to long. Deleating game the file is to large on my phone for a game that is more annoying then fun.
I have more than enough space
Server is painfully slow. Often takes several tries just to get the app to launch
Useksuaosbsiddssbsmshsixhidnxidjdbsksudkssus*&/&-&*&$&::::'''''':'''$%&6&&;%-'&*%*&-&-&*:6&-&%-$+$*%585576*-*:-766666666646&+&--&*+++9((&%-
Would be a good game if the company wasn't so greedy.  $5 for their cheapest money pack.  Which buys you next to nothing in the game.  Long build times and you can only build 1 building at a time, same with upgrades.  It's amusing to play for a couple days but the high prices (both real world and in game) are a real turn off.    I'm still a lower level so can't comment on higher level play without real world purchases.
Super fun game, but the menu scrolling is flawed and annoying... and the prices for gold and cash are a little outlandish
This is "Crime City" the game with a military art cover. Crime City was fun game one could play for hours,but u needed to spend gold bought via your phone bill or bank account you can succede with just game money and points. As a game designer, I wish I could have a cookie cutter template tomake a copy game. Funzio, you have the cash to afford some originally.
It freezes up a LOT. BIG PROBLEM. fix it fix ASAP but good game
Doesn't run as smooth as crime city at all
Goos
Game is enjoyable at start but eventually you realize that upgrading buildings tale forever stamina & energy also regent insanely slow can't even do one objective in the missions before energy is depleted
The introduction pic is amazing, and it made me so eager to play it! Once it got to 80% loaded, it says it has an unknown error, please fix and ill rate again
OK game. Gold thing upsets me. To expensive so they won't get anything. If they were cheaper and worth it I would and so would everyone else. There missing out on money!  Need to be able to build more at one time and faster.
Ok
Great game and tons of fun!
Have done like 3 missions and am out of gold, for only $5 I can buy enough to do a few more missions. No thanks.
i started this game to get my 10 stars and NADA
Exactly same as crime city, played first mission and uninstalled, sorry
Fun, but crashes way too often. Cash flow is more reasonable than in Crime City, otherwise a virtual clone.
Even though im a girl,this game is addicting for me.Please add 790-075-371. I need allies.
This game gets very boring, after just one day. It is almost impossable to play because you need heaps of money 4 everything. BEFORE U BUY THIS GAME IT IS NOWERE NEAR AS GOOD AS IT LOOKS!!!
the only prob i have with this game is that u have to b on the ball 24 hours to make any money, if a building makes money every 5 mins and u dont check in till the next morning, u only get 5 mins worth of money, thats total bs
I cannot find the battered building even i turn on show incomplete mission also no use. Help me pls.
不知道在玩什么
Played a few min and completely bored. No game to it, just clicking on what it tells you to click on. Yawn, uninstalled
VHS rd.
Found this game to be totally boring. Zero skill required.
Freezes often
Lots of Force Closes after update on 8/8/12 Would be 4 stars before issues.
Theonlythingimdisapointedaboutisthesocalled"energy."ithinktheenergythingisgay.gayimeanasindumb.
very..boooring...nt..sooo..gud..n.grapicz.. crap..fuckerzz...pola...pooori..makkkaaallleeee...tly
Good game. Could be as good or better than crime city. Need to work out bugs. Keeps closing and starting over. Until then only two stars.
Fun at first then gay as hell. Stamina too long to replenish, along with the rest. Buildings take to long to build or upgrade. Making half the stuff 400 hold so we have to buy it ourselves pathetic. Awful game!
Too slow. I mean the download and the overall game. Could be one of the best otherwise.
No
Kind of a slow pace game
Maybe just my phone but this game refuses to register my screen presses. Not to mention it freezes quite often. Kind of odd because crimecity works fine.
This is just Crime City with a different theme - and where they changed things, its mostly for the worse. Its almost disgusting how much they borrowed from Crime City... I've never seen such blatantly obvious re-use of code/graphics/game mechanics. It has all the same problems too - unresponsive interface, glitchy, slow/choppy animation, etc. I'll give it 2 stars only because it wasn't bad enough for me to delete it right away.
This does not work well for DROID 2.3 The graphics seem great but it's just a point and click game, but I don't need or want 3d graphics. I'm going to look into other games. I'm glad this was free.
523-475-863
Just like crime city but everythings so expensive half the people using money cheats and robbing all of your money buildings
Its not that interesting but it passes time and doesn't get glitchy
Does not work
The game is fun, but it is unfinished. Areas dont load and some buildings cannot be built. I wish Funzio would actually care about what they release.
Kinda works, but lags
OK game, similar to a lot of others
Pocket Legends Brought Me Here, So I Downloaded, And I Still Haven't Seen My 18 Platinum...
None
Fun
……But not for me
I would've given 5*'s but when I was going to Dictator's Compound it said failed to load please fix
Jgfddcj
Amazing fun game.  Glitches on my galaxy 3 a lot but still fun.
Game updated today,and some map  Areas graphics not loading/corrupted
Fun game
I take out 2 stars cause after update i started game and when i saw the board deal in sight. The game was crashed. Plz fix it
It is a very fun, and addictive game...but only when it actually loads, 40% of the time it won't load. Fix this and you'll get 5 stars
372-705-178
Add 839 978 655.
Great graphics however game seems to freeze or lock up frequently when moving from base to base or doing missions. Tolerable at the free level...would be upset if paid for.
It's a great game very addictive but I can't stand the fact you have to wait 35 hours to upgrade or expand that's just insane .. fix the upgrade and expand time n this will be 5 stars
Since update can't access dictator map. Still play all day. Add me. 723-251-084. You will be added quickly
Always freezes... very annoying 101,508,112
672086793
Always freezes up not worth it.
Decent game, add me. 691-841-950
I play on a mytouch and I am addicted to this game!! But i updated and now i cant load dictators compound. Please fix.
Was having fun with it until the update, now it won't load enemie zones so I can't progress any further
add me 208938860
Very fun game...I don't like the slow pace though or the data consumption...had it one day AT WORK and used over 60Mb of data
The lady update that was done caused a few of the missions not to act right. It was fun but now you can't do anything. Even the allies that you gain don't even show on the allies list. It doesn't load the mission anymore.
Better is you could request friends easier
Add me I we shall defeat our enemies.  I wish things.were less expensive and could collect faster on money.  They should offer scratchoffs like Crime City.
The game moves to slow. They try to force you to buy gold to help move the game a long. Make the game move a long faster and let us upgrade easier and go to war.
I would give 5 star, upgrading one item at a time sucks
Love it addicted already. Add me!! 141-192-538  Edit: buildings keep disappearing. Quite annoying.
This game was great at first but now it keeps closing on me Also need more ways to earn gold and skill points Game would be great if they fix these issues
it's hard to figure out
Great game need allies add me 599 511 167. It does freeze when I load it up or return to my base every once in a while
Great game... But all the extras cost extremely to much.  I'd have to buy $100.00 in gold just to get one tank from the unit tab.  I think you need to lower the amounts of gold purchases because most normal players aren't able to dish out a couple hundred dollars on this game.  You may want to rethink your marketing strategy and you may get more purchases.
It's an ok game
It felt just like crime city facebook app but in army mode which isnt a bad thing just not what i was looking or hoping for with this game. Graphics are decent. The create avatar feature could be a tad better but u can buy your upgrades 4 that so i wont knock it 2 bad but could be better 4 sure. All in all not a bad game, it just wasnt up my alley but could be up yours if you enjoy fb games like crime city (which i used to play myself) just not what i was lookin 4 thats all. Also dont care 4 havin 2 add #s
Not the worst either. It's fun.
Good  game but lot of flaws upgrade takes a day or more and only one place at a time and costs too much money to by anything takes days to by one spot to build on and days to by place to put on it was fun at first now play for ten minuets and wait for twenty for or forty eight to play ten minuets agin fix and will give five stars and allot of other things just to mutch to wright play and find out people that made must not play or the problems would be fixed that is very sad
Add me 380680035
Fun, but definitely needs work on the loading.
Im a blow you up
This is a very good game and I like it a lot, it is tons of fun, and is really addictive but the game is hard to play because every 5 minutes you run out of energy or something else and unless you wait pretty much a day you can play another 5 minute session. It takes gold to buy actually good stuff and be able to refuel your energy so you can continue playing but it is impossible to get go,d without spending money. Its very annoying that advertise all sorts of stuff that takes a but load of gold and offer free gold but you have to money to different company's to receive it. Plus the actually free gold offers are crap, the free ones offer about 5 gold Max and most things to buy with gold are mostly in the hundreds. Forcing you to buy the gold if you want a sufficient supply of it. I would rate higher but this company is taking the fun out of the game to make money :(
Need some work
The iphone version is more stable. Tip to the masses... If you want allies, post your code on others profile requesting an add. Also, defense structures work to protect buildings within range. Please fix force close issue on Droid incredible 2.
259-663-501
Can someone please make a game that doesn't have wait times ice 5 min for construction and what not. Let's get some C&C on these phones
Fun game but constantly have to restart it. It has major issues freezing while attacking other people.
Nice game, as,me 220 241 391 together we shall conquer! Gave it a the because its hard to very money and gold
Would be 5 but can't get into game because it either freezes or crash when going from bases or looking at objectives. Still a great game just need a lil fixing.
I like the game but the an problem is that everytime I close out the program it sends my wallpaper back to the factory wallpaper and its very slow.
The game has a solid base but needs lots of improvements here is a list: 1. needs buildings to mine gold( im not stupid to buy it) 2. upgrading/building takes really long plus i loose $$ while waiting an upgrade of a $$ building plus i have to wait again lol!! 3. time once again!! takes a bit just to do a couple of things. 4. why i cant acces some items unless i buy gold to purchase them ( now thats monopoly) and takes away the fun of leveling up and ptogressing in the game.
Realy fun game worth it.
awesome game! Add me daily player 797416992
Raiding players is counterproductive. Make $1500 loose a Bradley. Game is addictive though.
Add me everyone  761 581 940
i hate updating when the devs cant be arsed telling us what the updates provide, permission changes, bug fixes etc
No comment
Nothing that special in my opinion, going to try and stick with it. Add 323-571-096 if you would like an ally.
The game is good and addictive. ....yet the real world cost of gold and in game cash is way to high. ..u would think cash would get u somewhere but the effect is minimal...also expansion and upgrading takes way to long and its hard to add allies there should be a list of people to click and scroll through and stamina and energy run out quickly LOWER PRICES....100$for 1 0r 2 units...smh
Cool
950-141-753 add me as an ally
.... Can be a little slow.. and there are to many items you need to purchase
make sure u get screen # 2build ur ally.
Good game so far but android users are at a disadvantage  to apple users, be prepared to work harder for less. Defiantly a better app on apple.
Play every day add to take over 935-936-404
190-489-253...adding now
537-881-612. So far not bad
Hope create some event
297 814 999
Too Slow Must have a way to gain gold Add me 768273446 n 569849230
Great game saved me from killing my hobo . Gay boob
Its an Ok game
If it didn't take days at a time to upgrade one thing, I might actually play more often, it just gets boring waiting for days for buildings to upgrade or land to expand. Cut down the times or allow us to upgrade multiples at the same time and I think everyone would enjoy this game a bit more, I know I would.
414 229 036      add me
147 812 386 Play daily , allies needed..
I have noticed that the screen will occasionaly freeze (not while waiting for access to network) and I have to shut the screen down to reactivate.  Game play is ok but a little slow
It plays slowly plz chek for 5 stars. Otherwise nice game.
It's a fun game with many many side missions. Please add me. I play every day.  353-515-562
Downloaded this game to earn axes in my brightwood forest game and still have not received the axes yet ???
Fairly solid time waster. If only the game were more balanced.the second you post for gold you're unstoppable by the free to play users. Add me Add me 966.720.367
Forced to buy gold with real money if you wanna actually progress thru the game. Might give you a couple hours of fun tho.... add me for more game cash and gold: 891 050 120
The game is fun,  I just hated returning to it to find I've been attacked by vindictive assholes and sore losers. I just wanted to play the game. UNINSTALLED!
The game is good to a point! And that's when you have to spend ton's of real money to get anywhere! If i had of known it was a "pay as you go" game i don't think i would have downloaded it" and i've looked twice and i can't see any info about having to spend cash (maybe i'm blind) or maybe i'm just tight? £63 to buy a few tanks etc, the game isn't that good!!
244 095 887
what is it with free games that charge u real money to get things in the game
472-348-959
I like this game somewhat, just very slow. Mission and completion rewards suck due to the fact that when you have to buy the troops to complete the missions you come up short. finally, the price of some of the things in thing game is ridiculous, lilt 4k for 1 tree that does nothing. Overall ok game, but don't see people playing if something better comes along
I like the game alot.  American?  Join my alliance: 403 762 559.  I just hate that you run out of energy so fast and I wish there was a provision where you can get gold without buying it.  I ain't falling into that one.
Add me 527-554-517
Just like crime city they need to change format.. Add me 836273103
can only do one thing at a time. if u were able to upgrade and or build more than one item at a time it would b a 4 or 5 star.  for allies add 807-090-884
One build, upgrade at a time holds u back
Awesome game ! Could do with help tho guys, add me please! 661 802 520
Fun and cool but you have to buy powerups
Kept causing my S2 to overheat and shut down. Had to uninstall it. Got it on my ipad though and love it. Takes a while to get started though.
Great game but freezes all the time. Locks up phone and game. Fun to play when it works. I would give it five stars if they could fix the force close issues and freezing of game and phone. Several glitches need to be fixed. If you join in add me to your alliance 888-709-021
Ok game but seen lots of hackers , i saw a level 11 with 1000000 cash so fix that please and i would like to build more things at once and upgrade but otherwise good game
very slow game takes long time to upgrade but lots of fun addictive
Add me makes u stronger its a cool game wish it wouldnt freeze up so much and waiting for the up grades sucks ill give u five stars when u fix it 959829259
It was good but it made my whole phone lag and twith out and my phones a lg double play to wtf is going on?
The game is pretty good, add me 774-591723
Fun game to kill some time with. If you need allies add me 113-755-992
Good game but went I turn off the phone the widget go away please fix.
657-747-195 not able transfer from ios to android or vice versa.
Good app get all bad guys
Would give it 5 stars but game forces close to often and freezes a lot fix the bugs and I will five it 5
Hate running out of energy
This game is probably the best mobile war game, but it is getting heavily dominated by gold bars which ruin the game for ppl who don't want to buy them. The developers need to integrate them in the game like valor medals (FREE)! The free adds never open or arent compatible with my device.
Just started if continues to de enjoyable will up my rating some of these games have the notion to get very expensive if i can continue to play with out getting to expesive. But we will see
Good game overall. Crashes ALOT which makes me think GREE is a subsidiary of Microsoft! J/k about the MS part. Unsure why I need internet connectivity to upgrade buildings. Please, add me to your alliance: 203-299-679
The game suddenly stops working every now and then. Other then that a great game
Add me. 552 792 901
Needs to have less lag
It's kind of f***** up how you gotta buy a lot of bars and stuff
Not whhat i expected
Add me 810-430-925
698 255 014 add...
I like the concepy but way to laggy and force closes a lot
Wont finish loading at all..........sucks cause I love the game.
Very addictive! Very fun but freezes and force closes constantly. Fix the bugs and its a 5 star game
Seems like an o.k game but uses alot of data while playing.
I will give it three stars
779-500-866 play all the time.
I hate that you Gotta spend 100 dollars to buy some gold to buy stuff.
Great game and addictive big time. Freezes time to time but still a great game.    466-965-218 add it!
Nice game,but needs big  improvements as game experience is slow. If we have the $$$, We should be able to create & upgrade as much as we can. With so many apps/games being created almost everyday someone needs to set itself apart. Is time for games that you can enjoy at a faster pace before the gamer moves on to the next nice game... Only greater will set itself apart... ;)
Nice start to get you hooked but slows down later. Too long to make money to buy stuff or you can pay real cash.. which I guess is how the game makers make real money. The only way to make gold is to buy gold with real money.  You need gold to get the best units and they are not cheap. If I wanted 1 good defensive unit it would cost me about 50 dollars in real money. At level 9 in the game I could use 96 units.. that is alot of real money if I want every unit to be a gold unit. Best players have gold units.
Great game already lvl 11 :)
Good
Keeps freezing but pretty fun
606 244 454. Game freezes up a lot. Sometimes half of my buildings are missing.
Nice
413-303-559 could use help. Pretty entertaining game.
The game itself is neat, but locks up and has difficulty connecting to server
Kinda boring overall. Game mechanics are overly simple and time consuming.
Fun game. Payable without spending  cash. Seems to rely on ally building at the expense of other things.
But it should be more life like
Cool so far add me 947 505 819
If you plan to play without paying out of pocket for gold it does get difficult. Also without gold to speed up your upgrades and to expand it starts to get boring waiting for up to 48 to complete a task.. was fun but starting to get boring fast.. give a option to trade cash for gold and to be able to build or upgrade more than one building at a time..
Getting tired of every game going the pay to play route.
Good time absorber
Fine&easily playable
Quite nice. Time killer:p should be a possibility to earn gold other then spending loads of real money. Add me!
ADD me : 566 933 275 Have heard of cheats in ipad... Anyone aware of any for android?
Not bad for wasting time.
It has some bugs on it.. i keep hitting the refresh button for some allys and it wont give me anything..
Awa. I was looking forward to playing too. :-(
Memory hog at times in the background and a battery drainer but all in all a fun little game.
Oh before I forget add me my number is 515 480 770
This game tends to be very glitchy and sometimes slow to load screens.
I always need allies. Add me 750 616 371
Should be 4 stars but i sometimes cant see my buildings at my base and have a hard time loading on android razor
Its really good ok my android but it freezes while loading fix that and will be a five star till tjen its okay I have the SAMSUNG GALAXY PREVAIL
Good game, haven't spent a dime, just takes great patience & strategy!  Let's join forces!!  
Plz add me, G.I. JANE  708-394-065  Def got ur back! :P
There should be ways to earn gold other than having to buy it. Upgrades take way to long.
Would b better if u didn't have 2 buy the gold, should b able 2 earn it.
It is just like the army
Could be better -_-
The game is fun to play but sometimes locks up, sometimes you can wait and other times requires a force close. Other times my phone totally locks up and I have to remove the battery to power down. Pantech Breakout. But I still enjoy the game, just has some issues.
Cool Game.....My ID-  804-958-402
Gold is overpowered, but still a good game. Its units just make the normal  units look like crap. they are trying to rob you.
Fun game but the wait between upgrades is annoying and what is truly annoying is the way the game hangs up and having to restart the game and restart my phone.
Great game, however lots of bug fixes needed and freezes quite frequently. Think of this more as a long term game unless youre prepared to spend a lot of money on it. Lots of fun though and well worth a go. Add me as an ally. My code is 766-907-226.
I give 3 stars cuz it was a fun game but it only froze up
Cool game but the gold cost to much & upgrades take to long I've noticed a few  bugs....entertaining , good time waster
Little slow on the transition screens and initial startup... playing on a pan pad... but all in all fairly enjoyable flash game.
Its fun but needs work on the graphics and a few things.
I only rated it a 3 because it has a tendency to freeze my phone when I go to play. Also they want you to pay money to get the good numbers for defense. Here's my number 912-324-110. My name is no number only because I thought they wanted me to add my number when it asked how to reach me ooops lol. 912-324-110
Would be nice if one could view the profile of others rather than trust to ratings ("add me 'cause I will/have") especially since that's one if the Goals.
It's an interesting game for a bit but not spending money makes things take forever.  Very similar to mafia wars.  I know I need a bigger army to win more fights & not get my money taken. Join me 346-926-892.
It's similar to crime city but I like Crime City so much better. I don't like the vault. I'm always getting robbed because the vault sucks. Think I'm going to be deleting soon.
i was only 19..
Not sure?
it Keeps Shutting Off My Phone Weak
Fun but Nothing great
This game is fun.  But locks up and freezes more often than not.  Fun but about to erase it cause you can't get anywhere unless you pay for it!
Good game
good game
Its cool add me as allie 900-039-886
Ok game, not enough playability in each sitting.
This game has some connectivity bugs and some other bugs that make it semi difficult to play but, it is addictive to play.
cool game have a few issues with graphics going away and some freezing but that is few and far between     add me to your growing army    419-632-441
How do u get some gold
445-961-194
445-961-194
So far its a good game add me 206 067 452
This kind of game is a first for me. I see there are others which are cool too. But the real time waiting for things to evolve is grueling! And then there's the stuff that can only be obtained with gold and that only comes by buying stuff with cash or filling my phone with other games that I don't want. This is just plain WRONG.
I love this game but on my android, it crashes or freezes up too often.	I love this game, but on my android, it crashes and freezes up to much! Very addictive game but an upgrade is needed for the android. Gold should be given for each level achieved also.
Ghjh
Really good my id is 443 043 731.
Hiya, ok game to pass the boring moments of your day away.  ADD me 511-503-171
Takes to long to move towards
Ads and pay to progress fast is irritating. Game crashes  on a regular basis
Add me i play the game a lot My code is 160-512-770
Fun game. It does have slow upgrades and build times that gets to be annoying. I have been experiencing alot of error resulting in a forced close. Sometimes my already built buildings fail to show up on my map, and sometimes after collecting cash, my counter doesn't reset until I click the building to check on it. Other than that, the game is enjoyable!
The only thing I don't like is upgrade time, just too long, ally me 474 032 232 please
Bugs need to be fixed but good game
Force closed on me a lot but when it didn't it was fun.
Another type of farming game but at least you get to build an army and attack others. Please add me 210-862-719
Not too bad!
Abit slow but still like it
At least your resources don't disappear like they do on Pirates but you have to spend  at least $50 a week to make any rapId progress. Don't expect to get any rewards for adding/ playing. This is just like all the rest play this & we''ll add....to your other game...ha ha haha ha ha ha, sorry I can't stop laughing.
ill help any1 just add trying to get much allys as i can
add me please 717-609-765
Had to uninstall
Add me please 236-690-610 thanks
Internet connection recognition issues. Too Dependant on internet connection. Should allow for offline play on insurgent camps and enemy bases. Unrealistic purchase options. Other than that not bad.
Just like real life
Takes to long to do anything . Fun but gets boring fast . And takes way to long to load game . Not a game I will keep on my phone
Could be 5 of five but doesn't show my jobs in first level  so i can't click on them to move on.
Just slow
This game is kinda boring lol
Its fun but if you are impatient, and cheap with money, beware.
I hate that is a real time game. It takes for ever to accomplish anything. Other than that its a good game.
Vdg
Make faster build times.faster upgrading. Add 484-703-777
Wowwwwwwwwwwww
New at this but like it so far . Id: 372-700-777. Add me
Started off good then kept freezing. Uninstalled
Great game
It doesn't take 10% of your money when you safeguard it for starters. That is a big plus against CC but it does suffer from the same construc tion constraints so you can only build one thing at a time and it takes forever leaving you quite bored.
The game is fair
If you like crime city, you will like this one
hot game
Gggggggggeeeeeeeeeeetttttttt iiiiiiiittttttt nnnnnnnoooowww
Good game but half the time it won't open for me, if this was fixed I would rate it higher
Its a bit boring.
Acer a500
Fix the glitches!
Would be five stars. Good game. Takes way to long to up grade buildings and you can only do one at a time and building one at a time. Please allow more
Good game. Just keeps freezing up and forecloses  a lot
Pretty good game but gotta dump cash to stay ahead, which is lame but i'll daily play it and see how far I can get. Add allie# 612 903 286
Decent game, but like it sister games, it freezes and crashes at least once a day.  To be fair, it usually freezes up several times a day requiring rebooting of my phone.
Sweet
Fair game should have to pay as much for things ,this game cost alot of money if you want better items
Great game very addictive
Cool
Could b better game freezes alot
Great simple war sim passes the time in between playing crime city
Can someone help me
I like playing the game but honest to god it has more crashed each day than the Sydney metro area!!
As warned in previous post app keeps crashing after a few days play. Great game though just wish it worked better.
Will rate five but how do u withdraw money from vault obviously it would say it but it doesn't
Good game, crime city is better
Good game so far its pretty fun but u need some scratcher cards like crime city to help out or some unique item to find or build
962 059 678 USA
Can't get gold without spending real money.
363 523 563 JOINT. THE ALLIANCE .Good game a lot problems when you win money it taken from you instead of credit you FIX IT.
Doesn't allow player to play long enough before needing to get more energy.
Another tap game with a clever twist on the characters.
I thought this was going to be more of a FPS.
Nice
Cool.y
This so too slows!!.. it freezes on the time
Watch giving code to vips, there are hackers that will ruin your game. Am lvl 10 raided every 5 hrs by lvl 19 no help from funzio and can't start over
I like potatos!
The game seems great but having problems with freezing & not enough gold to earn without spending money on a free game!	Ha
I played on my iPhone back in March and just found if on here the other day so I downloaded it again. The thing is if I kill the app instead of just hitting my home button, the timers for my money don't count down. It'll be 5 stars if they fix it
Takes too long to build and upgrade
Good  game
Freezes phone after about 10 mins of play and havta pop battery. NEEDS WORK. Special offers for gold NEVER work very well with these FUNZIO games.
It's there another way of getting the golds bars after you have done what they ask to receive the gold. I've downloaded and opened these programs twice and have not receive anything for it.
Adding me will make you stronger. 159-727-894
Only played it for a little while but didn't seem like it would be very engaging.
Great game but needs more ways of getting gold other that paying cash all ready pay enought for the phone and upgrades need to be able for more than one at a time
Awesome gMe gMe just i get attacked and raided so flippin much
Not really all that,keeps freezing on me..
It takes a while to install other than that its all going well
Sticking to three stars... It's a lot like crime city.  Has lots of bugs, expected with a new game.  Would like to see,other ways to get special weapons besides buying . Plz add .... Modern War....379 382 128 ... If u play Crime City add...437 142 535...
Meh
Does not scroll units well but a great concept!
Fun but slow to get started.must be patient     I
Great game freezes up all the time
Is okay ....
it takes to much time for everything to reup and none of the codes work its frustrating! in definitely involved but not much longer
Kind of easy too slow to keep most adult's interests but I'm still playing after a while. Lots of forced closers though. Very annoying!
Reminds me of Empire, etc. I'm not only a daily player. I continuously check my base. Only way to advance on this game. Looking for more allies. Here's my I'D: 846:920:280
Like game but freezes a lot
Its a good game but slow
992 217 554 ok concept but there is a bunch of glitches to iron out. Have to restart the game every few minutes. If the game will restart. Motorola Razr
Just another "mafia wars" like game.. not bad tho, just started so we'll see how long interest lasts...  807 825 056
This game is fun and very addictive. Will give 5 stars when the game is updated to the same level as iPhone users because they have a huge advantage and are unstoppable since they get crates and battle elite. Samsung galaxy III
I like and enjoy this game
Freezing to many times on everything
523-475-863
One of the greatest games i started playing but i think there shoukd be easier ways to get gold n money or make it to where u can swap yo money for some gold or something but i love they game
Great!!!!!!!!!
Can you make it more like the version on apple
Gd game
I like this, except some individuals that play leave un desirable comments.
Good
Much to big to dl if a phone has even basic apps such as facebook and such. Maybe the fix could be made to let us dl the bare minimun and then install updates to SD cards?
This game was good but not that good
Love it
Its good game i don't highly recommend it to anyone
5 stars if it wouldn't crash or freeze CONSTANTLY!
Near
Nex
It's Okay
Ddfghvzc
Its okay
Why is money disappearing from my vault??? I thought noone can touch it. Also why can't I take the money out?
Pretty fun...get it
Fun
I love this game but I'm having trouble opening it all of a sudden. Definitely give without that kind of big problem.
Wld. Get 5 stars if u cld. C what other players r working. With. Defense. Wise. B4 attacking
802 985 642 ...good game, Go US Army ! Add me if your a TRU soldier
Add me please 710 197 774 Game is great
Need allies im brand new 484-904-031
Great game, a lot better than all the other build up games. Would be 5 stars if there was a way to earn gold bars. Need more allies, accept  everyone. Pls add 739 602 909
Addicting game!! add me for an ally :) 391-677-497
I would give it 5 stars if it did not freeze and crash so often.
Fun Game add me 589-654-178
Add me asap 351836561 thanks
Add me. On few times a day 223-812-310
940 630 316 add me level 22 need allies.  Game is fun just a bit slow somwtimes.
Add me 766 997 968
One of the best game's I've ever played add me 345-971-970 :-)
Great game play three to four times a day add me please.   356-507-095
Fun game, keeps you busy in your free time. Hangs up on regular basis, otherwise it would get 5 stars.
addicted! great game! add me 339-411-530 daily player
Game freezes ALOT, sometimes buildings arent visible..quite a few other bugs. Its like crime city but reskinned yet its fun.. Be very patient dont level too fast to stand a chance. 500+ alliance Add me  -455 874 740-
754 874 915
283-816-462 its a great game.
480 723 633
Great game but dictators compound refuses to load :(
973-739-393 cool game just started playing it and itd fun
I jst luv the game.
It won't load Dictators compound
Play all the time! Great game. 265-378-224.
975-937-399
Add me 215 529 651
Awesome game but allies are a must.  Feel free to add me 222 333 188
Add me plz 804 201 519
Add me love this game 609-346-873
Add me I'm a daily player 424681008
Add me i need allie help
Great game play everyday add me 515 076 286 five stars if u could upgrade more than 1 building at a time
Good game much better with a couple of comrades ... Add me brothers .... 324 835 950
633157308 - cut and paste to add me! 872552439 - lvl 96 137178775 - lvl 121
633157308 - cut and paste to add me! 872552439 - lvl 96 137178775 - lvl 121
Good but could be better
Fun and addicting...add me 214-988-104
Add me hourly player. 506 531 511
add me 527 946 583
1 of the coolest game I ve played! ' download fast add m now,  542-024-150
Add me. 993-744-539
Addicting and fun game! Alliance code 369 155 560
This is like mafia wars .fun try it and find something to do for no reason at all .
483-347-008. Add me!
Pretty fun. Force closes too often, though. Also frustrating to attack and lose so much! Maybe you need to spend real $ to really get anywhere...not a bad game though.	Pretty fun but force closes too often.
Add me  814-814-482 plz
822 806 240 add me!
Good games but things are still a little too expensive to buy, the free gold bars apps dont work and wow it drains the battery fast. Apart fom that it a good game
The Dictator mission will not load please fix ASAP!!!
987-996-711. Add me, request will be accepted today.
Fun game.
Good game. Takes a long time to upgrade and there should be ways to make more money but its super fun. Add me: 823-586-498
Takes a long time to get money and no easier way to add allies.  add me 655-869-855
Good game  im a daily  player ad me 524 160 755
525-640-477
Good stuff
Only found one minor glitch.... Sometime when doing a mission, instead of seeing the target, you only see it's shadow. Otherwise, great game!
Add me jst started playing this 735-989-350
add me!  Lvl 21!   239-906-937
Its aweasome
Its a cool game the only problem is sometimes my phone run slow or freezes on me but add me 423070387
Would be nice to not have to wait 2 days to extend my land when i have money.  Add me jaydogg 776-430-917
JOIN ME 619288279 AND LET THE ANNIHILATION BEGIN
Works great for me, fun game. Only reason its four star is because you need energy to play, so you can only do so much at a time. Otherwise, its awesome.
404-077-062
Add me, 512 629 335
Fun but runs kinda slow
Really fun game. Have problems loading game sometimes or would be 5 star. Add me 645-171-731
Like. The game. Not. Fair  iphone users. Have all. The cheats they. Have an advantage  lol  add me 236-358-964
daily player 691-481-266 Great game freezes a lot on galaxy 3
This game is a lot of fun
Great game! Wood ve givin it 5stars but it freezes sometimes. Love winning so lets join up 573-011-286
Add me 300-506-445
846-684-520
Alot of fun. Takes time to upgrade. Force shutdown sometimes and lag. All said and done solid game !!!
Awesome game, a lil slow at times but cool
676-614-350
A great way to pass some otherwise stagnant time with nice graphics and decent sound effects. Try it!
Of all the games this type  I think this is the best game I ever played on this type I barely have allies so here's my code  142 108 168
Awsome
I don't like doing the different offers and not being rewarded for it. The game is fun but have to Spend money to do well as you advance higher. 145398495 add me
Fun game add me
Good game to kill time with. Add me if needing alliance member. . 361-354-027
Fun
Its addicting, but can be a little slow at times. I need allies. 379-520-179
Addictive game...need more allies!!!!                            Add me 866 285 852
Yeeea add me. Run tings 284935984
add me please, i need help! 472-485-424
Love the game sometimes it lags though and freezes... Add me. 499 875 688
Don't like how people raid u but u can't raid them back. How wack
The game has some issues but overall great game
Add 703-552-215
Good game but has its flaws
Come back every few hours or days when your cash has built up and continue building and basic fighting. A builder style game. Add me as friend. 269-383-879
Good game to pass the time away. Haven't seen anything yet to complain about. Add me please, my id is 299 331 672.
It has a lot of glitches but interesting and draws you in
This game is great, play everyday, several times a day. I gave 4 stars because it does freeze sometimes and game play can be slow at times. Pretty good game though. Add me 468-562-190
But the Prices for the Items are a Bit too Expensive & it takes too long to collect them for a Person trying to Expand He's or Her Platoon.
Entertaining... Add me. I accept all... 470-966-772
Its a fun game, sometimes building don't show up.. :(  But overall its pretty addicting. :)
It is a fun game but it has a few bugs that need to be fix because it freezes a lot
Add 717679499
Very good game worth it to  waste time
Freezes up once and a while
MY ID 904 690 509
Add me 956-691-495. Great Game...
I love this game, but it could be better. It would be GREAT if daily prizes were added, like in Crime City (Daily scratch-off ticket). Or events to make it more interesting and give players a chance for stronger weapons and more profitable buildings. Just a thought. I play everyday and would love for the creators to Mix it UP a bit. Please ADD ME 647-733-021
Great game
Need more allies add me 871-085-574. Cant kick azz without lots of allies so add me : )
Add me 816-085-107
Good game, lot like Dream Zoo... youll have to log in every 5-10 minutes for maximum effect. but is still fun playing less frequently than that. Add me to your alliance!  405-175-413
203-054-499
171-140-247 Add me if you like, great game
Good way to waist time add me pls
Great game but definitely do not spend my money to buy gold for better units or money for more energy, etc. What a scam!! Unfortunately many do spend money on the game and they have the advantage. Just take your time and continually expand, buy units, upgrade buildings, and increase your vault.. its worth protecting your money!!
100-401-195                  100-401-195                 100-401-195                 100-401-195                 100-401-195
A lot or Fun if you have the time, could speed the game up a little takes a while to get things done. But easy to get started, and level up. Already level 11 in Just a few days, looking for allies my ID is 392-684-973
Fun game to play when you nwed to waste time.
OK game. Slow.  Lot of waiting.  But good game
add me 358-898-371 need allies cost too much too get good stuff or 5 stars
Add me 484  388 557 take all
Please add 171-881-617
Fun when play with many friends. Add me 202-867-192.
Freezes
Add me as ally- 236-365-604
excelent game..if it would run fast on my phone i can give it 5 stars.otherwise its awesom.!!
Interesting and fun. I find myself playing for hours a day on breaks and any chance I get to log on for a few minutes. Would be 5 stars if it didn't crash often. I'm playing on a Toshiba Excite10 tab.  Add me 588109865:-)
Yt_,tgt,cccx,,,,ytgtttabernacle gyyy yt.....,,,,,,,,,,f,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,yyjidfttt
289 609 994
Awesome game! ....lots to do! ....a must have! ...add me to your team for a boost 412 185 033
Add me daily play and overall good game minus the freezing. 213495965
Add me. 467-330-089. I accept all. Having a hard time opening. Freezes when on for awhile. Was told by funzio that there are no cheat codes, but real dollar players have huge advantage. That Sounds kinda like a cheat to me. Thanks funzio!  Fix this please. Love the game, but price of gold bars is way high. $20 = 240 gold and will not get you much. GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE. Very fast reply.
Add me so we can go to war 810 739 984
Pretty fun game... needs to generate money faster.. ally me 897-088-468
Daily player please add 931-225-517
Great to kill time
I like it but could use a lil tweeking but good game
218_260_743
581-513-685 No crashes yet gallexy s2. Not a bad time killer
Cool game but there's too many fake cheat codes going around. If the "Creator's " are going to offer a leg up why not make it automatic after adding the alliance code? 5000000 dollar question?
Good Game 584 389 399 Add me
177-156-569 add me to increase your ATTACK/Defense power!!
374-870-025
Great fun game to pass time when i have it! Use this code to be my ally and make us stronger in the game!  124-900-494
This game great Love it.... Add me 830 764 795
Pretty fun game... I think you should be able to ally with people 'in-game' and upgrading/building gets rather slow.  Other than that, I'm only ever attacked by Russia... Must be because I'm Germany.  :-P
Maybe a team talk option,I.e send to all allied forces, smoother animations, and for sure anti spam, sick of  stupid cheat spam's. But a strangely addictive game, good work developers.  Anyone can add me  813 648 669.
This is a fun game but things do take too long to complete. However, I'm a new daily player looking allies. Add me 508-911-382
Good game, would rate it 5 if it didn't freeze up and force close all the time.
666-528-722
Good game add me 593534709
Dont usually like games like dis bt dis game is great!! Add me 449-588-765
Cool
Addicted...cant stop playing.  Add me 934-007-628
TIP: Every 24hrs you can get 25K by visiting 25 allies! To creators: 5 starred if Please add ability to EARN gold & upgrade/build multiple buildings, add me 679844877.
Great game frezzes sometimes add me  845018528
Its the best game i played but it lags alot and takes a while to load but its all good
Add me 879 707 307
Solid game but u need an alliance. 920-400-445 add me.
Pretty good game. Extreme time suck though
Pretty goof just can't log in anymore...
Pretty fun everyday user
Really fun, but more explanation is needed on how defense/attack strength is calculated. Also, when playing  as Germany I only get attacked by Russia for some reason....
Nice
Great game...ADD 353-695-270.
I play daily. Add me! 702 471 248.
Add me 535 900 030
249-960-240
Will accept all requests
Good game add me 310 440 316 accept everyone
Its a fun game to play, add me 433 260 544
Its a fun game to play, add me 433 260 544
Add me 435-367-058.
Entertaining when your not waiting for 10 hours for one building to finish. Add 898 005 263 in the allies tab.
Add me I play everyday. Good game but most items you have to pay with real money to get. Still good though. 913-578-208
Invite me 129 046 000
Great
Add 763-620-701
My only complaint is that there is a bit of, "figure it out as you go ".  I'd prefer to know how to strategies going in.
Add me 770-784-327 ... Hourly player, add ne and we can take over!!
304 762 850 thx
Would give 5, but requires too much gold for many of the items. Not much gold can be acquired for free either. Otherwise, pretty entertaining time killer:)
Takes to long to upgrade
Fun but slow. Daily player.Add me! 298-249-218 ***
Slightly buggy but a great addictive game
206-079-347 add me
Good game, daily player, please add
Add me 835-814-090
Add me 662-138-665
881-717-341 add me. I accept all and check often
ADD THIS CODE AND COLLECT CASH!  250.809.140 My friends will also add you.
Not bad game and relatively enteraining, would be better if you can upgrade more than one unit at a time considering how long it takes to upgrade sometimes, change that and id probly give 5*
Fun app, money goes quite fast once you have build some money buildings. Add me ID: 245-245-524
I like the game, pretty much the same as crime city. Kind of glichy on start up and sometimes during game play. Other than that I like it.
Nice game to play just a bit slow.
LOVE this game so addicting!! would give it 5 stars if it didn't force freeze all the time. Also it would be awesome if they included ways to earn gold!! Definitely still learning & open to tips and suggestions on how to play without spending real $$ add me: 351*298*900 351*298*900  351*298*900  351*298*900  351*298*900  351*298*900  351*298*900  351*298*900  351*298*900  351*298*900
Add me please. 830003164
The game itself is great, but a few features "kind of" makes this game as a pay2win game, such as those OP units.
OK
Add me
263-574-261
837 772 789 add me a couple bugs but so far fun
Add me 700 268 017 strong team rank 6 in an hts time thats pretty darn good!
Cool game that makes you want improve your base. To be good you gotta spend some real $.  Free is still enjoyable add me 419-037-246.
FOUND AWESOME GLITCH FOR UNLIMITED LIGHT GUNNERS: first add 167-702-337 then go on my profile and tell me to send u the link I ONLY SEND TO FRIENDS SO ADD ME FIRST +50 MORE FRIENDS I WILL POST FREE UPGRADE GLITCH
Great fun!
Takes time to get going but not a bad game
Add me as an alley and get $1000 to spend 245-121-312312.
Good for a free game
Good for a free game
Very addicting.
520-903-760 daily player
484 917 792
Add me 556984076. I play all the time
pretty good game i play it daily......add me 887-049-865
This game is awesome I wish I could get more money but factories take forever. Add.me 558-945-519
Everyone can add me 872-636-306
Could be better if I could by what I want long as I have the funds instead of needing gold bars for things that what's makes me want to uninstall. Get rid of the gold bars or make them easy to obtain like the money an energy replenishes to slow.
Good game
Takes to long to update your buildings would be better if it went faster and not take 12 hours
Accepting all requests
Would give you 5 stars if u added the option to by multiple units and made qn easier way to visit allies othewise great game B-)
Need to speed up game play. Too slow.
It keeps you going without too much waiting for the next mission. Add me 376-455-851
It keeps you going without too much waiting for the next mission. Add me 376-455-851
347 022 686
I like this game. I just hope that they make the soldiers energy last little longer.
637 574 069 Lambo all    day
Ok
Awesome and fun but bugs keep me from getting gold.
Add 143 604 994
Awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Great game,  join me  133 178 089
297 814 999
Its an ok game
Appears slow at times but is overall very fun and not too time consuming.  Nice idea with good graphics.  Add me :) ID: 729 984 581
Ad me 373-817-339. I aceted all
918-184-805
I like the game.... its good. But I don't like that I get teased with gold bars. The game should have like a gold factory or a gold mine,it has everything else. I only have one gold bar.. what can I do with one gold bar? I even down loaded a app cuz it said I would earn 4 gold bars,and now I have 1 gold bar and a scanner to scan bar codes. Still waiting for my 4 gold bars!
957-340-357   U.S.A.  I HAVE LAND, AIR, AND SEA INVENTORIES. Add me. Ill give tips n advice if u want it.  I have too many units. I need more allies so i can activate them.  See ya on the field
Very entertaining game. Add me. 862 443 830.
Join my alliance if you plan to take over the world. Thats if your with the USA 252-743-531
Come n join the greatest nation in the world let's show them our military power USA ONLY ..
Four stars because it's slow as hell but I can't stop playn.
Add me for more allies. Go team USA. 414-782-493 .
I downloaded this game from another game & I can't stop playing.  Add plz 178-814-882, I need Allies
Good game play all the time there are a few bugs but a lot better than most  Add me I play almost everyday  388-601-879
172-875-454 .. Fun game, few glitches.  Add me.. active and growing. Have fun all.
I started playing MW from the itunes store and am now playing on my android phone. The android version isn't as detailes as the apple version, otherwise it would have gotten another star. Android minuses: no damage meter on buildings, difficult or impossible to scroll through long comments, slow connection depending on communication type (cell vs wireless). These can be overlooked because it's so addictive.
.add me 704-304-795 I add all.      (:
Got very addicting easily. Add me 206-793-484
Fun to play. Takes time to gain assets...
Best game ever just doesnt load that fast
Enjoying the game. Not sure how to get allies cuz I don't do facebook.
PLAY DAILY:  552 909 188
I love this game.  Add me to your alliance at 324-168-805
449-163-829. Takes a little long to upgrade and build, and somethings are really expensive. Other than that great game!
6699988152
Add me 507 545 038
add me 970-690-614
The pay players are so much more powerful. It takes the earning out of it. But its fun because u don't really play against them. Add 838-212-066 as ally
Good game   would be great if we could EARN gold   add me y'all
940 363 288 add me.. Slow paced
Great game. On several times a day. Will accept all invites. Level 20. 939798725
Need ways to get more gold..  Good time killer... USA allies add me and watch the Thunder Roll... Sirthunder:  277-576-499
Very nice game.
Very fun game add me706714457
Got boring cuz u can't place units down to defend ur base
Scrolling is a little sticky, but add me, 867 163 875
629 243 116... add me Would be a 5 star but UPGRADES and CONSTRUCTION takes too long and GOLD is impossible to acquire
Itsgreat
Itsgreat
needs better graphics
Awesome game but a bit shaky
Great game takes a while to load add me 713118001
It is not 3D games. It always prom to play the game.
It freezes but i think that is server mpre than game itself.
Lot of fun
Nice game. Add me
I like.  Occasional freezing, but otherwise its good. Add me please................  557 256 125
Nice, addictive game.  Would be a great, addictive game if it allows simultaneous upgrading of multiple facilities.
Add me 642-029-505
Great game but glitchy.
Love the game, hate the waiting
The game is kinda slow, do to having to wait for things to build, upgrade, and recharge. But overall it's fun and a good time waster. I haven't been required to pay for anything applicable to a mission. Add me: 439-083-965
740-278-115
Good game add me 363-579-270
This game is a lot of fun but it does freeze sometimes and has some glitches that need fixed
Add me 904 590 753
Great game but you need to be able to build/upgrade more than one at a time. I get frustrated waiting.resolve this for 5 stars
603-477-393
This is a very addictive game. Ally? Add me 737 083 229
Fun and entertaining, but real estate too expensive and takes too long to upgrade.
Awesome game
Great time killer But the gold is to expense to buy units
255 474 214 add and pass on plz folks thamks
Good game, very addictive. But it does freeze up sometimes.
It's a cool game but yeah upgradind building should of done faster.
It's a good game but  needs improvement because it's slow and turns off in the middle of the game!!!
Good game.. add me 173-964-217
Daily player good fun
A lot like crime city. Force closes, lag, and patience driven. Locks up phone after on to long...build up early and dont be hasty to level fast..slow and steady wins the arms race. Message me for questions and add my army ★778 037 317★
Cool game. Lil slow loading up tho on moto bionic.
If you want to add me my id is 421-598-617. My only problem is that I would like to biuld/upgrade more than one thing this makes the pace go by slow otherwise good game
Best
Add me I'll accept everyone. 500-286-005
Add me 675-307-789
Add me 675-307-789
I get bored with games but not this one. Add me 570-645-351
This game is a lot of fun but its a must to have allies. Please add me so we can both advance in this fun strategy game. My id is 245 308 455
Please become an ally. 438 889 609. Thanks in advance!
Like the game But don't like the bank were it cost you to deposit your  money lots of fun wish you could win stuff like in crime city
Its a great game im not relly into these but this is ggood. Add me plz i need some allies 289-593-781
Need more gold add me 265 274 323
Fun little game to play, just wished the build times weren't so long
It takes ages to download but its worth it. The graphics..... Just amazing. But is a little slow. Pls fix and u get 5 stars. Thx!
345-576-818
Fun game need allies send request 205-655-476.
Fun game. Takes a long time to get good though.
795-736-969 ADD ME PLS. Just starting need allies badly. Good game with fast enough connection. PLS ADD 795-736-969
Add me as an ally 220-403-264.
Great game when board. Add me 467-201-227.
469 804 714
Game is fun need to make becoming allies easier
Add me and let's take over!  749-356-344
interessting ....would be much better with having the option to build an alliance with existing players.
fun game and easy to progress through the levels. add me 775-161-929
897-670-266
I love playing this game. Join my Army! My ID is 350-299-545
Tip: Build your income early. If you have high defense, no need to expand your bank limit
Worth the download...if you have a lot of patience for a slow playing game x
Great to kill tme with a little slow sometimes add me please 544446598
Add me!! 511-164-080
Will add everyone play all the time 446947786
Daily player strong allys add me 620676181
It is o k
Game is pretty cool  add me 265-890-091
Love this game can't stop playing it!
Fun game when it's not freezing fix it and u get 5.  Add me 360345783
Great game but realy glitchy some of my unit building just disepeared
This game alsome just wish we could get gold like we do money and not have to buy the gold.
Its a good game for wen ur bored
Awesome game, however, it freezes more than any other game I have ever played.
Addictive game, daily player add me 568-694-531
Let's Form a Conglomerate! Join!  429 414 953
Farmboy570
268 274 352  add me daily player love the game
I like
Great game.
Great game.
See title.
Any one else having the issue of a missing palace for one of the missions
Fun game, add me 273-269-619, I check most days, we will rule the world my friends :)
Fun game. Very time consuming. There is a drawback though and you only have so much stamina and have to wait for it to recharge. Other than that the game is very fun
Fun game. Very time consuming. There is a drawback though and you only have so much stamina and have to wait for it to recharge. Other than that the game is very fun
832-474-071 good to waste some time. If your going to leave it for to long close it or it will freeze a bit when you open it back up.
Fun game to kill some time with. If you need allies add me 113-755-992
826 646 155 just started need help
Sometimes my buildings vanish then comeback and sometimes stalls but other then that it's a fun game and additive.
Sometimes my buildings vanish then comeback and sometimes stalls but other then that it's a fun game and additive.
264-276-727
Love this. Freezes some or would rate higher. Add me please. 738-063-530
897 454 100 add me daily player
Doe4666
Cool game! enjoy playing
Fun and addictive.
I feel the amount money you make is balanced, the structure feels easy enough to navigate. Nice concept. So far I don't feel: the urgency to use cash just to keep up.
Add me lv 259  886693225 I can give you great power crime city
Love it!!!! I play this on my tablet all the time, passes time easy, very addictive, when you start back up you DON'T wanna put it down.....I added it a few days ago, I'm level 11,  Add me if you on world domination... 217-261-951 General House... Let's get it!!!!
This is one of the best games I've played in a long time! Add me i play daily
Doesn't load all of the buildings sometimes but other than that great app
I absolutely love this game, the only thing wrong with it on my droid maxx is it freezes when you try to open it, fix that and its a 5 star game
Daily player add 292997216
Love playing but have a hard time getting on the server. Then when i do some times half my base is gone. Can anyone help me?
I find few android games that make me come and play over and over this is not one of those games.
Unplayably slow on the N7, maybe its only using 1 processor?
556 054 578
Really good game.  Would like a few changes,  not sure why same countries attack each other.  Not able to get allies because I don't know anybody else that's playing.   Should have an option to join alliance with current players.  If you can I need to learn how.
Nike shoes this is cool
Let's get it!!! I.D 265-240-167
add me! completely addicted to this game!
Add me 634-977-898
Fun game.   A bit slow in playing.  Add me as an ally.  943-727-774
Add me and lets take over the world 115030751
awesome little game, runs good. wish you could queue build commands.   LG P-999
If only it work off-line then I'll change my ratings to 5 stars
Add me 259 066 595 more friends the better lol... Its kinda like crime mob on fb
Best game every
If we had the ability to taunt, chat, and recruit with opponents it would take the game to a much higher level of interactive fun.
fun game,locks up and lags occasionally but not enough to keep me from playing everyday
Add me- 837-696-266
Nice
Its realy cool and good to check in with now and then five stars if you fix the lag on my android. Ps. I missed the k9 guard can  I get it back?
Its a great game, add me  402-964-412
I give this game four stars due to the fact that has a little bit of lag issues,and due to spelling mistakes. Over all the game is very addictive and passes time when there's nothing to do. I highly recommend modernwar.
Add me as an ally 732-792-673 I use a vision tablet and have no problems
add me 978589696
This game is beast
Add me 292 854 292
too much lag using a samsung schr720 now accepting all request
Very addictive fun game
great game, just wish it didn't freeze as much
fun game. hit us up 718-010-869
On the first level the tank doesn't show up
Add me 221-218-073
Add me playing all the time. 447-202-806
Add me to your allies. It is a great online multiplayer game especially to be free. My only problem is it clitches frequently
Straight addictive
Awsome but you need to make it so you can earn gold and build or upgrade more than one building at a time
I'm German and they say Hoo-rah.
Him
Great way to spend time
949-596-687
Add me 446-273-615
907-124-670 and 885-666-154 and 225-062-398  we need more allies please.. Stars rating dropped due to constant lagging nowadays!
Its a good game fantastic graphics,my only grumble is that it takes a while for energy to regenerate very addictive  thou I love it.....two thumbs up.Add 988-579-231
Good
795-200-206 add me ....
Only rate 4 because game locks-up and force quit my DROIDX 2 . Fix it!.. please
Good
Its pretty addictive and its lots of fun to outfit your base and attack others to see results.
Cool game pls. Add scratchers too. Will rate five
Just started playing need alliances...please add me
fun game. play it daily
Accepting all requests, 993 079 005... Not a bad game at all.
Pretty good but will freeze.from time to time
Add. Me Dailyy player 248 232 408
299-464-596. Please add me.
Please Add me 973-862-379
Its fun.
Good game
Add me 501-211-128 hourly player
Is fun beyond belief!
Add me i will accept everyone 749-361-638
Great game lots of fun but need to be an easier way to know which allies you have been too.
Addicting, fun, and a wonderful amount of interaction. The only thing I have a problem with is the actual money cost for cash and gold, its beyond expensive. I'm a daily player and check in every couple hours or so, add me; 974 173 090
add me
Good game. Add the militia 119 390 653
Need allies add me 235-892-733
Helps pass time here  and there good game. Add me 853118207
I love it
Add me, i accept all  332-318-976
Love this game. Add me and lets so it! 478-868-439
My buildings are disappearing
Pls add me. Plays everyday. 294272821
Add me 511 147 852
Great game. I've lost many hours. Add me 744-434-217. U Need allies and units to fight.
Pretty good game.  Takes a little time to load between screens.
Is kool
Awesome game but the upgrades can take a little to long. Other than that its really fun and addicting. Please add me 331-752-494 i am trying to grow my alliance
Awesome game, could use a little more free stuff, to be really strong you almost have to put money in to it, but really fun!  Please add me 220-829-657 need allies really bad, tyvm!
Very easy to learn. Fun to play. An overall "Great" in the phone gaming.
Add me 632 885 181
Add me 570 478 771
Sweet game! Add me 618 087 841
Sweet game! Add me 618 087 841
Too much lag and still has a number of bugs. However, very entertaining. Add me: 858-445-094
Add me 243-668-023
Would be 5 stars if you could copy and paste id's
I like it it's awesome
This is a awesome game I really like it wish we could get more stuff with the money in stead of the gold though
Addicting game...fun but has a few glitches
Add me! Need alliance members. 594 865 416
Add me U.S.A. 551-470-765
791 900 125 alli number.
One of my favorite games
If your an american person join me you'll never lose $$
This game is addicting.  Add me?(: 438 124 107
Love it so far. Needs free gold though
Fun!!!
Fun!!!
396 758 638 let's win
Pretty good freezes alot
Great game and please add me
333-306-111   I play all day, every day. Add me.
Add me 205-379-678
Pretty fun. But certain things lag.
385-947-037 add me if you want because you're going to need allies to get anywhere in this game.
Great game a lot of fun!! Only problem freeze  lot.
It's cool
I'd I'd 515-281-428
Add me! 121 222 208
Good game wud be cool if was a little easier to get alliances anda little more fast paced
Cool game
It is really good but when I click the widget the game pauses so i have to exit and go through my app list(its very long). Could you please help, thanks
851-386-262
Just a little lagy but fun!  464 427 496 add me and youll get a bonus 4 troops to fight with!
Cool game. Slow at times tho.
There is MUCH worse on the market. ADD ME; 849-432-891
Fun game. Works best to play an hour and then wait, not good for continuous play.
Need Allies !! Add me plz 119 123 470
633-759-749 add if you like. Crashes occasionally on my DROIDX2. Please fix that. Otherwise great game. Bonus missions to earn gold would be nice, say with no money or exp, just gold reward. Pay players will dominate.
Add me! Interesting game. I like the gameplay thus far. Little slow starting off. Cash goes fast when doing missions.
Not bad
325490083
Get a lot of force closing plz fix add as well 861-229-689
A modern war version of crime city. Great game, but needs some events and daily bonuses to keep it interesting
Add me :) 196-184-332
Add me please.
Great game! I think its better than crime city!
Neat game. Add me. 698-889-949.
Awesome Game
Fun game add me 840-026-214
Add me play every day. Need to be able to build more than one building at once.
Love it more every day :-)
It's a pretty good game that helps kill time... add me if you'd like 259 262 766
330037915 always playing
661-563-423
Good
This game is really addictive. ADD ME 511-900-342
Add me lee 654 356 178 wish you could upgrade faster or multiple buildings at once. Also build multiples. But other than that no problems. Need allys though.
Still a good game but not getting sucked into spending real money on this one. Add 141 805 230. Accepting all allies, add 141805230
Love the game. Need to find more gold lol. Add me 364-219-623.
Love the game. Need to find more gold lol. Add me 364-219-623.
Ally needed 910491225
Good game!
Awesome game. Add me 791 151 024
Pretty fun! Add me 298-461-267
Add me 444 990 677
I like this game very cool to build your own army
Great game and fun. Lags and freezes occasionaly on galaxy S2 though. Kinda sucks you need to buy gold to make any real progress.  Add me- 568 269 518
It has a few issues.  They are constantly working on them, I use to be unable to do anything last week, now I can go through the game in a timely manner. A good side game to do when your bored. Wished it had extra features and maybe a cash option to buy things instead of using your money for some things. Even the playing field in some cases. Add me 132005902
Add me up, pure warfare 887 901 294
The game locks up.
My code is 857-152-249
fun game please add me 234 781 904
898-485-852 add me! Completely addicted lol
Need help would like more allies please code 247-697-828 thanks gd game
As stated in the title, this is a very fun and addicting game. Has a Command and Conquer feel to it if you enjoyed that game back in the hay day.
Add me 108 562 365!!!!
Add me 876-358-252 looking for new allies.
It's not quite command and conquer, but it's alright for free.
Better than WORLD WAR !
Would be a 5 easily but the game's new update jacked it up.....now it wont open, it keeps force closing
Can be a fun game but I find I only play because its addicting and to waste my time.
Good game need more guns
Really cool and fun
awesome game will need friends tho 831958591
Daily user. accept all
I like it as much as crime city,add me-999 582 426.
Add me 570691093Would love to have a daily bonus. Or even like once a week you offer a kickazz weapon that cost alot of money,and the only way to buy it is if you happen to have the money in the bank
C
It it really cool
This is a good game. Pretty addicting. Add me, my id is 339-322-556.
Great time burner..  Takes patience at the beginning. Def. need allies add me if you dare. 695 917 585
528-383-693 Good Game, a bit glitchy on Razr Maxx, but playable and fun.  All problems so far fixed by a manual force close.
Add me... 673 057 144 n on my ipad its 410 419 761 Love this game... I have it on my ipad... Plays much better on the ipad... Way smoother...
Wake up in the middle of the night just to play
893-764-942 Add
It's addictive!
Fun game... Sucks to only upgrade one at a time... Add me... 744 895 471
Enjoy this game it fun
good game to pass time. add me 135 249 665
Good Time Passer
The game is addicting. Just figured out that alliances are needed to progress. Add me..
Quite nice. Time killer:p should be a possibility to earn gold other then spending loads of real money. Add me!
Fun game to kill your time. Add me up 308-565-688
Awesome game. However waiting time is far too long  Add me 905-476-123  All welcome
312 060 570 I give bonuses if you add me as ally, been playing for months
Game is addicting but im greedy and can never save money. Add me 238-927-665
Good game. Slow sometimes. Freezes a little. But overall a fun game. Add me as an ally 670 700 936
This game was exelent would give a 5 but the buildings like oil pumps have no animations
Just started over but won't be low level long. Add me 791-252-189!
Great game.... once you figure all the menus out, but freezes a lot... Galaxy S III
Great game but it overheats my gpu and KILLS the battery.
I don't like the long upgrade time and I think your money should just build without having to collect it. Other than that a great game. Add me I play all the time 945522978
Just started playing, very cool game! Add me. 127 355 364
This is a great game
A fun time, hasnt crashed yet, so its ok in my book.
Good game slow to build but addictive.
Addicting game with good graphics. You should be allowed to build or upgrade more items at once instead of only being allowed to build or upgrade one item at a time. Also the vault should be like the bank in "Crime City" where you done have to upgrade it to hold more money. Overall a great game.
Great game but could allow gold to be retrieved easier.
I gave it a four bc it crashes at times.
I love this game! Would have Gotton 5 stars but it force closes once and a while.
This game is sweet, & very addicting. Would rate it 5 stars but lags occasionally.
Great game. Freezes sometimes but not a serious issue. Add 747 792 847
This game is fun and for everybody
Great online game with loads of cool stuff to do. All this and it's free. I highly recommend that you play it.
It's a pretty simple fun game. But it does lag sometimes. You can add me I'm always looking for more allies. I'm on everyday
Great game, but would be better if funds where easier to obtain, or cheaper.  Add me to create terror.
Really cool game...I'm hooked.
Game is great...lags sometime but you cant leave it alone would give 5 stars but money doesnt build up you have to keep colecting every 5 min to 30 Add me 485-053-331
Need a good ally? Add me.
I enjoy the game, but it freezes up too often.  Add me. 555 199 036.
Love this ***t!!! Who said girls can't handle that metal I'm ontop of the world....
Add me or die:-) 418-738-662
Cool game
Very addicting game can't seem to put it down. Only wish u could get gold in missions as well. Add 366-274-810. Can always use allies.
Yeah!
Addictive and fun
Very good
The game is really cool, except for the loading glitches and having to buy money, energy or gold, etc with really dollars. Otherwise the game is really cool.
Add me plz, need allies!!!
So far, I've been entertained, and that is the ultimate point to these games. Nice graphics too!
Good game but too much like Crime City, also a bit too jumpy graphics wise.  Could do with a wider variety of defence installations.
Love it add 475 462 026
843-525-831
Plz add I play daily 276 023 391
Don't know why need to wait to build something add me to rule the world 656 630 032
Cool game.. Does have a few bugs.on my droid x.
Fun game 310 928 411
this game is the bees knees
Good game just need allies! Accept all!! 223-462-226
. Will rate 5 stars when glitches are fixed.  Add me- 482-215-881
Add me please 412284336
Great game, but don't leave your money unattended! Always use the vault feature to keep your cash safe. You need allies to get on in this game, so add me - 911 560 688. I am The Pharoah!
643 675 936 add me ready to do battle
Fun game, but needs a way to get GOLD! 143 656 540 Too bad, it could be a lot better.
292-461-670. Allies the more the better
Unless you want to spent your hard earned cash
Good game, buildings and upgrades are very time-consuming, but the game would be too easy if they weren't. Alliance ID:  357-205-615
I love it
Good game add me. 198-329-213
Excellent game so far...having a hard time winning raids and vs.  Need allies 541-879-377
add me 525-342-450
This game is sooo fun and addicting that i cant stop plaing it i jest wish there was a easyer way to get gold
It could ruin gaming if the flags keep changing...I am American I don't want to keep attacking Americans...it sometimes shows another country flag on known americans & unknown....please address this
Glitches sometimes but it's still fun add me at 357-501-025
Wish all the good stuff didn't cost so much. I already pay too much for a smartphone.
Good game, but occasionally crashes or freezes. The cost of gold is ridiculous. But still very fun!
Same setup as crime city, but more money and better bank system
Great little game to pass the time. :)
Good game doesn't seem like a money scam like crime city 281-834-742
Add 252 903 379
This game is great. Nice way to relax and use a smart phone. I would of given this game 5 stars but the fact that there is no undo for recent purchases blows.. I accidentally clicked the wrong item and lost most of my gold.. Try to add undo function please..
This game is great. Nice way to relax and use a smart phone. I would of given this game 5 stars but the fact that there is no undo for recent purchases blows.. I accidentally clicked the wrong item and lost most of my gold.. Try to add undo function please..
By mistake i clicked Russia instead of my home nation of America and even when i had cleared the data ob the application I STILL could'nt change ny nation if i could have gotten this switched i probably would have rated it higher
797636935
Great game add me.... 431-244-133
Add me : 159-452-170
I like it
Add me I need more people.  Code # 324-183-196
I love this game
Over all its a good game same as crime city with military theme instead of hood.... needs better fighting something closer to warhammer on facebook...
I think they copyd crime city
It's a fun game & I play a lot.  Add me: 599-824-392
I just started and I liked it; Be sure to add me on here 686-448-931
Good game. Just allow if you don't want to pay for everything. Add me need alliance
Add me join my allies   885_826_193
guul game
I feel that you can do a lot without buying. I would buy but the prices are like beyond ridiculous. 480-106-279
Not bad game good way to pass time
I like it so far. Need some people so add me 494-825-151.
Great game. Good war sim. Add me: 502988159
looks good,hope the apps is good too
Great game very addictive. Add me 358-459-237
This game is crap unless u have a shitload of money and time
just started great game for a bit of fun please add my id 200-560-537
V
Lagging but over all good to go.
Lagging but over all good to go.
It's a good game if you want to enjoy a game for a couple of minutes. Add me, we can conquer everything,935-856-327
Cool
Very fun game
Freezes sometimes but really fun game. Add me, I play every night at work! 221-957-940
255-020-621 nice game add me as allie good n strong
Im still playing it & so far nothing wrong with it.
Im still playing it & so far nothing wrong with it.
But every time I try to play keeps freezing up my phone!
add: 188 811 989  I play every hour
Game plays good. No problems. Add Me! 240-887-765
Kind of sluggish on bad cell service ( but hay what can you except? Its bad cell coverage lol)... I need allies bad add me in when you start I'm always on and off this game,  I'd#  136 114 236
One of the most fun game.  That i have played.
Looking for allies.  I play nearly hourly
Good game addicting...getting gold is kinda dumb.
Good concept, upgrades" and building take too long. Especially since you can only do one upgrade or build one building at a time. You could always do the quick upgrade but you will have to buy gold. Why put out a free game if you can't make money somehow. Would also be nice if regeneration of energy or Stamina would be quicker, or be able to have a boost building to do that. On the fence about deleting...nevermind delete
Would be nice if one could view the profile of others rather than trust to ratings ("add me 'cause I will/have") especially since that's one if the Goals.
Good game. Fun to kill some time with during a lul in your day. Add me to your alliance if you like 505 650 549
715-211-698 --- Add me.
Cool game! Thumbs up! :)
787 112 520 add me ill be your allie
Adddd me love this game!!!
Its great but since its new it freezes a lot..im sure that would get fix
Its a good game freezes from time to time. Add me 471-476-243
This game is ok 479 264 938
Runs slugish sometimes but besides that, pretty fun to play. Dont need to spend alot of money to enjoy. Add me...866 976 026
It's a good game u just get too much money
Very fun/addicting game but wish it didn't use energy.add me 657-468-795, daily player
keeps me occupied
It a good Game to play
Add me. I need allies! 850 863 234 got a pretty good Army for just beginning
freezes up a lot and I don't like that you have to buy the gold to get a head it's not fair to the people that can't afford to buy the gold you should be able to win it in the game some how everything is very expensive
Add it 643-607-815 very addictive few hang ups nothing major fun
Fun game Sim city and Command & Conqer fans will  be pleased.
A good game to pass the time or if you have nothing to do. I suggest this app to anyone who is patient with progressing. My ID# is 718-494-546. Feel free to add me.
Good
181875666
Add me to your  alliance  652-979-657
251858585 good game..hard to get gold. Add me
Great and fun game, play with my man and we get into wee comps to see who can upgrade and expand faster LOL build and up grade time could be reduced and getting gold non existant their free gold does'nt turn up so only 4 stars...add both of us for daily/hourly ppayers 586 877 651...280 392 352
I love this game
800091329
fun game ! good time waster ... but you have to spend real money ... or wait a long time to rebuild stamina energy etc. just like crime city   addmeplz  233 229 750
It is better than crime city because you can get money faster and you level up quicker too.
My # is 994 848 874 im new this game is kool please add me
Great fun.
My code is   920-997-142
It's a really good game. Would be better if you can put some asphalt in it instead of a plain desert.
Game is great, not too money reliant if you have the patience for this kind of game.
Good waste of time. Daily player 926 119 962
Add me please need more allies 631 592 708
very good game, had no problems so far need more allies please add 673-576-882 except all!!!!! x x
Great
Would be 5 star if freeze up glich is repaired. Lots of fun otherwise. Build times and $$$ collect times seam reasonable enough but collecting allies can be tough at times TOP USA PLAYERS ONLY ADD 160-345-809 I WILL ONLY ACCEPT USA ALLIES & DELETE ALL OTHERS! OH-RAH to all my Brothers in Arms past & present! ! ***SUPPORT OUR TROOPS & LEADERS AMERICA ***
Please add me I need more allies :) 633-642-927! Thank you all great game just a few loading issues
Good game.  It gets under your skin, and you're constantly playing before you realize it.
Add me 353-033-095 Great game
Not bad if it wouldn't  freeze
Fun game keeps u thinking
Fun game!  Add me as ally! 9350.481.573
Learning about everything takes time and there is a lot the tutorial does not cover. Plus the alliance forming system needs to be made easier.
Very addictive game
Good
Addictive but takes forever to upgrade
Not bad for passing time. I play often so add me if u want. Needs to be an easier way to earn gold. If there was i'd give 5 stars.
Good game and runs well... Plz add me  171 375 627    ta
Add me too :-) 563 - 418- 061   A fun app!
okay guys
Please add me.  697-624-661.
Pretty good game. Add me 910 347 736
Pretty good game. Add me 910 347 736
223 758 299 ...
Add me 218-436-436.
Love it
I hate how the money dosnt keep adding up, like it does in other games
Add me to alliance. Game is good for no cost. Lasting campaign.
cool game have a few issues with graphics going away and some freezing but that is few and far between     add me to your growing army    419-632-441
Not very complicated, and pretty entertaining. Definitely a good time killer add me!
I like playing this.. its fun. Just wish i could earn gold without buying it
Would give it five stars but it takes so long to upgrade n expand. Overall its a sweet game lots of fun
Add me. 750-155-740. Good game play.
Not bad, definitely need to shorten the build time. The music gets annoying sometimes. Sucks battery fast! Add me, :)  680-636-908
Great game it's fun and you don't have to play for hours.  Add me 226 346 486
193 047 158... I play all day!  Crime  City... 253 562 664... C.C.B.
Nice way to pass the time.  Add me so we can buddy up & whip sum a$$!  469 956 794
Its quite nice add me 996-032- 474
Friend me at 449 143 248
Add me for an ally 583-972-054
Great. Need more allies code is 676-805-488. Accepting all
My only complaint is the gold bars.. You should be able to get gold bars with  each level you reach...
add me as an ally #658 072 725  the game is better the more allies you have. :-)
good game to waste time... add me 547 132 251
A little buggy/slow sometimes. Add me 464 380 088
Great game really  cool
so far its cool no big issues add me 618 870 168
This game is really AWESOME.(notice that I put awesome in all capitals). I have it also for my ipad. need to fixed lag, and sometimes I have to force stop. PLEASE FIX LAG!!!!!!!!!!!! add me 879-516-771
This game is really AWESOME.(notice that I put awesome in all capitals). I have it also for my ipad. need to fixed lag, and sometimes I have to force stop. PLEASE FIX LAG!!!!!!!!!!!! add me 879-516-771
Its a good game to play, better then crime city or animal park. I enjoy this
Fun game! add me 919 039 872
Fun game! add me 919 039 872
Turn your phone off once a day and the game will crash less, works for me. 269-412- 275 Im a strong ally
Fun game but to much waiting on energy and stamina unless you want to spend money to buy cash and gold, not enough ways to earn gold
Nice game. Hate that you have to pay extra for gold....add me. 429-645-378
I love the game, but its getting frustrating every time I try to leave my base the game freezes please fix I would love to continue on 278-034-524
Plz add. 331.119.749
Add me. 463-440-137
Add me 805149376 I add all and play frequently
I need more allies if u want to kick butt together please add me 822-146-144
Vil game you get to blow stuff up. Fun. Add me 335 197 148
437-794-837 add me 3stars the idea is their but their should be a way to win gold with out buying. Also it would be nice to be able to upgrade two buildings at a time.
Pretty cool game so far
Having alot of fun but upgrades are limited
Fun game
Add me 692-999-877
I play everyday add me 571-233-302
Pretty cool game... Addictive!
Pretty cool game... Addictive!
Fun game. very addicting. Add me 801-303-566
I just got the game and the Tank is missing and I was confused same thing in crime city buildings were missing idk?
Just's needs to give more gold bars out!!!
Takes tooo long to get energy
Ok for passing the time, get it.
Not to bad.. Add me :)  990-642-773
Pretty good game.  There are always those who pay to play, but overall you can do fairly well...  The learning curve is small.  I am guessing that it will eventually be boring, but this is a good start.  Good job!
Pretty good game.  There are always those who pay to play, but overall you can do fairly well...  The learning curve is small.  I am guessing that it will eventually be boring, but this is a good start.  Good job!
Kinda repetitive, but very in depth!
Good game but freezes alot
I enjoy these games.
It sticks ssometimes when going to other bases..need inventory to arrange base..better than most games like this..more to do than click a button & talk trash
Add me 682-917-974
418 943 003, add me add ally. Good game so far. Galaxy s 2
Not too bad. My first war game. Please add me   571-120-557
The game is great the only draw back is that u can only upgrade or build one thing at a time.  Need more allies add me 582-234-093
Good, fun game.
Awesome game
Cannot stop playing it. Wish there were better ways to get gold than having to pay for it.
I would like it more if I could upgrade more than one thing at a time
Comand an Conquer Android status!
Great game. And as flux pavilion says.... I CANT STOP! 576-035-294
Alot like crime city but with better visuals. Add me as an allie 811 377 162
Great game!
This is an outstanding game just please fix the lag issue. It rlly starts lagging if u play constantly for awhile.
This is a very fun, addicting game that I have played more than any other app ever.
Its addicting
Very good game. Add my buddy Magwa 595 544 519 and me 670 618 346. We'll help out our allies.
Add me
It's a fun game, it can be a little bit frustrating, but good over all! Add me, 971-237-858.
It's actually pretty good. Add me 609-072-650
Add me. I accept all. 270-817-351
I'm a daily player! Please add new player->802-882-682!
Great game. Add me 127527298
Like it but can be slow to start. Add me. 685 970 300
a little too addictive. i do have some problems with it crashing. otherwise its great.
It's a good game, very addicting once you get the hang of it. overall you will enjoy it. Feel free to as me once you download I accept everyone 981-960-089
I like the game but there should be a easier way to get gold than costing an arm and a leg.
Needs more diversity in missions and less time to upgrade build, etc.
324-100-242 level 24
I am playing this with my young grandson and we both love it. We just wish there was a better way to win golds.
Few glitches but overall a good app.
Downloaded this game three times and I love it
550-355-586 please add.  Pretty good game
Good game. Add me 333-508-512
Its OK I Ben trying to play it for days and no buildings will loadbut its better than most I've played alot more to do and really easy to make money compared to crime city
Awsome very addictive.wouldve gave 5 but hard to get money to build a big arm and impossible to get gold!!!
Ok game but to expensive
Add 729 107 857...hope this turns out better than crime city
Decent fremium app. I laugh when I encounter the loosers who waste $$$ on premium items. 649-464-076
Pretty good app! I like it.  Add me as an ally 350 150 498  Cheers
Little slow to get started, but it is a fun way to kill some time. Add me 690-630-477
The game's not that bad, a few problems, but it's not bad. Add me 703-288-260
Like dino wars+storm8. Just slightly better. Still good though.
Ok
Good. Game 844796726 add me
Daily player add me
It good but could be a lil better.
Entertaining
Add me  144-514-426
I like this game fine. I don't like having to pay REAL MONEY to advance quickly to the higher levels. But, it's a good game for FREE.  Anyway, add me. I play daily. 909 372 217  909 372 217
I like this game fine. I don't like having to pay REAL MONEY to advance quickly to the higher levels. But, it's a good game for FREE.  Anyway, add me. I play daily. 909 372 217  909 372 217
Game is great but need plenty of allies. Please add me 231-435-533. Thanks!
Loads of fun!!! Add me 119 402 207
Good game, no problems for me. Add me 664-670-730 strong base and force!
Gunny loves it
Useksuaosbsiddssbsmshsixhidnxidjdbsksudkssus*&/&-&*&$&::::'''''':'''$%&6&&;%-'&*%*&-&-&*:6&-&%-$+$*%585576*-*:-766666666646&+&--&*+++9((&%-
Been playing this game lately. Its not too bad, helps pass the time. Wish the regen time was faster & if there was a way to earn gold w/o having to spend money would be nice. Please add me, I need allies! 713 626 040
Addictive game. Building and upgrading takes a while but still a fun game. Add me: 967 662 506. Play multiple times a day.
awesome game... constently have to unistall and reinstall every now and again to get building to show up. But still very addictive!
Pretty decent game! Add me 369-943-671
I really enjoy playing, sometimes takes a while to load but otherwise a great game. Add me, my id # is 766-441-409
Great game, but it uses a lot of battery, occasionaly won't load. Other than that it would be 5 star
950-543-112
Very cool game. Build times kinda slow but overall great game. Can't stop playing. 973-423-805 add me if u liked.
Very fun game.... no errors or problems, runs smooth.  buildings could be built faster...but all in all i feel addicted to this game!! add me 882 454 204 i need some allies!!
Great concept, good graphics, very good free game... Add me 326-926-253.... General B
Add me daily player 620-842-748
Pretty fun so far! Add me as an ally 864-261-633.
Totally addicted!!!  Add me!!!  747-901-418... Looking to build very large alliance!!
Very good game. Every works very well. Only wish you didn't have to buy gold. Add me #239 613 341
Good game wish you could upgraded and make more then one thing at a time though
Add 702-947-516
good game
Game is really addictive Add me 639-218-486
Game crashes a lot, freezes a lot to force me to turn of my phoned. Worse my buildings wont make money after it crashes! I have to run it again or the timers wont run meaning u waste time if u dont play it again! And if u do it will just crash again! DONT play with samsung galaxy S! Really needs to be fixed!
Heavy size game. Can you improve to save to SD card.
Yep
Yep
Ok
Same story as for crime city... Impossible to progress if you do not put a lot of money on it... I would rather preffer to have a fully operational game where you pay once and enjoy
I have found this game hard to put down. Better than crime city so far. Have had several freezing issues though. Once that is fixed. It will be awesome.
Add me.   284-436-986 USA only
Add me 942-264-710
Add me: 716-308-688 death to the infidels!
I like it add me 781-170-765
Good game
Freezes on occasion for a second or two but otherwise a lot of fun to waste some time with when your bored.
Interesting but slow action.  Need allies ? Add me: 700-441-566
Add me 947-301-233
Above average so far..no problems yurt either.. add me 475099038.
Add me playas 463423515
Start up isn't to slow. Plenty to do without paying additional money. You definitely should add allies. Player id:384-887-997
Fun and colorful play a lot
Good time killer add me 640 997 308
This game is down
Thanks everyone for joining my alliance!
This game is kinda boring lol
268710906
Something different  to do.. Please add me... 537-619-344.
Nice
Fun .  Ad me
Like the game but all the bonus that needs to be posted to many  walls don't work on the Android.
Great game,spend the money.or not either way its a fun game...kills time and its nice building your head quarters and seeking revenge on other opponents
Pleeze add me people!!need more allies!!
107 405 336
I like this game its cool and awesome.also I would like to play with people and conqer with them my ID is. 621-360-202
Great game. Bit different to crime city. Playing both all the time. However, constantly having to force close -:) its a shame... Get it sorted please. Add me 907 442 457
560-812-860 add me I play all the time
Daily player add me
Good Game, Add me for free stuff 441-371-630
Please add me thank you
Its ok a lil slow but concept is cool add me 55483263
Beastly
Its really good game to play
About war
A much different game than I normally play but good. A little addicting. 661 704 264
Good game
Its could be better freezes from time to time
Looks good so far, lets see how it keeps up. 426-047-133
Looks good so far, lets see how it keeps up. 426-047-133
Love it!
I like this game but I wish it was faster and more involved like a first shooter game were I pull the triger
Cool game
A little glitchy at first but otherwise a good game, I play everyday 397287716
Trololol check my youtube channel.
Awsome game worth the free download
Hey
good game but need gold to expensive to buy
I fucken love this game
Good game should have an offline mode
Addictive game 370-130-559......level 22 & growing
Much better than Crime City. I do not pay for fun of any kind. Join me 458-717-938
I played it for uh..'bout 7 minuets and crashed now its not responding...other than that,awesome 199 456 789
Love it
Just downloaded so far so good.  Add 666 654 234
Its good but not great
Good fun and a bit frustrating. You need Alliance members. My ID is; 634 955 147
Nice game
needs a little more when looking around your lot to see the open spaces you cant see through buildings
It may be another version of crime city, but when i play this i find it way better than crime city.
Good game just think u should be able to earn not buy gold
How do u make a new game if u fucked up
Good game keeps you coming back for more.
Like it
Ill be any ally for ya...707-660-679...game is  great time waster
Games awsome but does freeze sometimes, and would like to see gold dropping off of boss battles or something like that
Games awsome but does freeze sometimes, and would like to see gold dropping off of boss battles or something like that
Great game I simply love it!
What can i say i love it so addictive good job
Great game
This is a good game but it takes a lot to build money.
More units pls
You must commit to this game...
Nice could be better
Fun and easy to understand :)
Make me your ally 153-922-609 and we will stand together!!
Pretty good, slow to get ur energy back
Very good but a lot of bugs and loading problems
Kool
Good game to kill time. Please add 326-282-967
Could b better game freezes alot
943-347-969
Occasional freezes on start-up, but otherwise easy and fun to play.  Add 946-236-108, I'll accept all requests.
Blabla
engaging, simple, fun. great game!
Great game, but locks sometimes, but still a great game
Add good game fun way to pass time, just like crime city, some lags, spend $ and what u purchase dont show up or disappears
All around it keeps me playing.... its ok.... some things could be better but it could be way worse.... fun...server slow at times... hard to load at times on my LG OPTIMUM C...?
I would have given 5stars but there is a glitch in the game that will not let me finish the attack compound.  Other then that it's a great game.
Looking for allies. 294-287-600
856-720-672. Baldwin Bro is not partial to base country. All international allies welcome.
Normally I don't like these sort of games at all but this one ,so far, I like. It may become a bit repetitive in future though. Also I quite often have trouble with the server. The main reason I gave 4 star though is the price of gold it's about £3 something for about 50 gold which will get you nothing of any use, anything worth buying is up in the 100s, you can earn free gold the usual way but even the Netflix offer which on any other game nets a good reward only gives you abou 70 something gold.
ID#: 262-440-888
ID#: 262-440-888
Its the best sort of upgrade type game to me. The only flaw is that it won't always cut on and that gets annoying.
Romney is a twit.  Modern War is a fun  game.
awesome... i didnt know you could actually make real friends from playing this game... try it...
Not bad
Hell yeah
... Det kostar alldeles för mycket att köpa uppgraderingar och spelvaluta.
Coool
Love this game and it is sooo much better than the mob/gangster one!
Really like this game has a lot of levels
GOOD but not the BEST
Not bad
Good game
I just did this because of my other game
Play all the time hit me up
Need to fix audio
Please add!!  521-097-410
Would have given full stars if the request for in game credits were a little less costly.
Good so far.  ADD 782-427-113 .
Start well, but ran into problems. All I did was uninstalled, then reinstalled and now runs like a dream.
Fun/addicting
Good game but freezes
It's s fun game to play
This is one of the best games I have played. It could do with a few tweeks here and there and can get expensive.
REALLY GOOD GAME..WOULD B COOL IF IT WOULD SHOW ALL UR ALLIES WALKING ON UR BASE.
This. Game is really good but the game sometimes freezes.
Addictive
981 959 454
Loving it so far.
479-125-942 plz request. Fun to play
479-125-942 plz request. Fun to play
Good game fun
This is a really fun game. Defiantly time consuming.  Only problem is that gold is extremely hard to obtain
Would be nice to up grade more than one unit at one time, that said I'm addicted. :)
Good game but not worth throwing cash into. Few minor bugs.
I like this game.... I think this is better than the crime city one.
War what isvit good for absolutly nothing say it again!!
Cool game
I need some friends :') teehe. 142-639-262. Thanks!
504-401-306
Not as big publicaly as ww but animated is better. Dont like waiting to build or upgrade a faclilty... Also money buildings you lose money if your not there to collect it..would be better if it accrued until you collect it....
really addictive
Join me!
great game would have been nice if it had better combat graphics
Its really fun but the only thing I notice is that this game for the iPod is really fast and good graphics, while mine is very slow. Please make faster!
Good fun
This game is cool but u have to buy gold to get all the good stuff that's why its free but still a good game
Its cool...
This game is real fun to play. I like it a lot and I've had no problems with it on my phone. If you like war games this game is fun to have.
Anyone want to join me?  995-874-114
Great game easy time killer
The game  got me  in da Coast Guard Auxilary
Not bad, but yes the same as crime city!!!;-)
Very good and addictive
Am building up different gameplay. Great game on XOOM
Looking for allies. 427-143-407
Another nice graphic time based game. Like it.
Great
Add 771630279 accept all request
They sorta look like front lines fuel of war but its a fun game
583-454-253
Become my ally! 378 297 516
I give it a 4 for fun
This game is great has gliching though at some times. Would like if things could download
Horribly gay
Great game it is XP much fun but a little slow
Love it but desperate for more allies... I'm closing in on 50 but I need more!!!!! 464-313-221
it is a solid game the mechanics work well for a wait to build and upgrade type game. It does have problems like being slow when changing screens especially to other players. no other issues. My player Id is 246995322.
gret game....add us please   668-469-313   &   968-016-228    daily player
game but it keeps locking up on me
Good game
Its ok u need gold and u cant buy or earn gold on jobs
Addictive
Will be a great time waster after a few updates. add 696-433-186
Great game
great
Add 171-777-778
Vgood
125-749-317
It would be a lot more better if things recharged and such much faster.. Other than that, its great!
I have a Verizon LG Lite the game lags as I play it more.its a fun game though.
YEA
413-416-828 join my alliance
852787969
Better on iPhone less freezes but it's new to android I'm willing to deal till they work it out
Great game but has issues... fighting rivals gets annoying when everyone on the list is to hurt to fight.. sometimes u have to fight a dozen ppl to.find someone u can fight..
There is really no way to win gold, you have to buy it. And it takes a long time to get skill points.
Hi
Fun and addictive game. Tends to lock up on me but don't know if it is just my phone.
The game is realy cool, but waiting 48+ hours for a building is a bad deal.
Top game
Addictive game!!!! Add 227-099-059  And 787-873-638
212 569 962
799-272-770 building an American alliance add only if American. 4 stars for now buildings won't show up at times and can't collect money from them. Need to be able to build and upgrade more then one at a time.. and need to be able to swap in game cash for gold
Been playing for 5 days straight. Its fun
This is nice game
This game is good just wish zoom features worked for those of us with less than perfect eye sight.
Good game
I love it
Great, but I'd rate 5 stars if there was a way to earn gold
Fun. No balance to attacks. Cleaned out by people who outrank you all the time. No chance. add 195-020-837
Its a fun game, but the network sometimes lags & I wish there was an easier way to add allies.  my ID # is 375-793-042
Nice app. Fun game play.
well, all in all the game is fun it passes time smoothly but I do have a few questions about operations.  all in all if you're pretty good at a point to move this command your armies type of game and don't mind waiting 24 hours for your money to upgrade, its fun and download it I do you suggest.
Brilliant and amazing
Great game, needs to be able to decor in the areas by the buildings and needs a 360° view of the base to place decor easier.
Smooth gaming no proper hang ups beats boardom
This is sick only issue is it has  a delay to where I want to go
Great
Will rate 5 stars when bugs are fixed
Need allies 362884917.
Amazing game. Have to update at least once a week to be able to play.
Can you make it more like the version on apple
Gd game
Really fun game with minor graphic glitches. Want an extra ally? 709-803-809
Same thing happens to me just like italians
Fine
Still learnin but gettin there, could do with some some one on my team tho 621 660 069
Passes the time
Works well most of the time. Nice graphics
Fun to play
Smooth game the hand to hand should been done RPG style
Smooth game the hand to hand should been done RPG style
Its very good game,but consume more battery....
Not bad, helps kill time
good game,but the crime world game operates better.
Decent.  Crashes sometimes.   Needs better change log.
Ehh
Excellent strategy/tycoon game.  The major flaws are extremely overpowered units that are bought with real life dollars.  I have no problem with paying users building/upgrading faster and getting more money per second.  I do have problem with extremely high power levels that average users can never reach.
Magic piano points. :D good game though.
Its a good strategic game but its basicaly crime city with a war theme
657 288 414 add it u will need alias in this game
It is a lot like crime city which my bf and I are addicted to. I love this game. I wish it did the free daily scratchers like cc.
Great time, faster pace
This game is awsome. Takes a lot of micro managing for funding though. Even with the random freezing and input delays just what you can do in this game is awsome. I would easily give it five stars but with the glitches its still not perfect... yet, but I have faith.
919 188 616
This game is awesome.
Excellent real time game. Ad other allies to your army, navy and air force to gain defense and attack points. Use 955 961 189.
Let's build uncle sams alliance. My # is 130-990-762. I will accept all.
Keep it coming Funzio
Not a bad way to kill some time.   Add ally: 634-185-600
Cool graphics and equipment.
Pretty fun...get it
Great time passer. Accepting all alliances.  714 209 858. Grow big grow strong!!! Play most of the day off and on and check mail often. Come on over.
Looks pretty dope
But oftens lags
Great game
Good game
Good game
love
555 961 632
The screen flickers and I am not about access the game anymore. Crime city has the same issue now. Anyone else having this problem? Other than that, the game is addictive.
197758405-I could use some more allies
Add me 576-946-297
Add me 724.794.310
858 200 538
500-643-949 add me Excellent game love the graphics and te batte system.
Very well balance,  you get matched to equal players in fights. not forcing you to buy. And a suportive comunity of players. my code is 143505310 add me for support. and have fun :)
Great Game! Addictive! Add Me 602-779-285 & 816-425-915 add both. Huge Alliances
Add me !!!!! 243 828 196
284-530-484 add me
Add me everybody. 593-873-581
Great game. Works very well. A great way to kill time. Im glued to it for hours
This game is a lot of fun please ally with me! 800-306-085
371-052-299
Add me! 986-673-229
Add me asap 351836561 thanks
Fun game, add me 134 175 898
add me 385 488 790
Add me please, 764-429-065.  I would like to see what I need to upgrade a building while I am upgrading already.  It makes it easier to plan resourses and time needed.
872-123-228  add me,
Wow, totally addicted!  559-764-964, level 24
Just like a few facebook games but great. Add me 942 132 201
843-294-736 add.. daily player accept all
192 345 066
Good game no problems yet..add me 954320719
209 574 454
This game is fun, please add me.
Great game. I'm a daily player add me 875-294-293 America
This game is great add me and will take over 654732668
443-690-822
Add me 339 975 314
Awesome game vry addictive add me 812 579 656
I love this game need allies add me 322-637-337 and my fiancee 721-227-098
206-494-800...Great game, I can't stop playing it!! Add me...206-494-800
Good
War it do I my come beefing but my not live beefing
Addicted already add me 945404229
Add me 108 449 791 just started playing need allies...
Level 20 Accepted Instantly.
Add me as an ally 108-948-702
203-347-120 $$$
O Good
Just add me 350 080 295
Very nuce game. Add me on  709 191 447
Lets raid some more
480 723 633
Love this game.  Add 163374538 to your allies. I also play Crime City Add 875297338 to your mafia
I like it, its more like crime city but you don't have to wait forever to get money or an upgrade..why do I have to pay to get a bigger vault..add me 716_981_343
Add me 784505322
692-339-297
Add me 460225430
Enjoy the game play every day ad me 593 336 497
This game is fun just wish you could win energy on some of the missions.  Add me.  578-733-323.
Add me as an alliance  254-504-168
881-607-291
Great game 5 stars
673-921-528
I like  it
Brilliant game 629 260 740 add me.
Awesome game Pretty addictive. Add me 117-251-839
Add me! 412-549-949
917-014-819, my wife will hate it
521-419-711 Daily player, add me!
Really fun!
Seems decent enough good waist of time add 483 109 125.
297-676-580
Add me 611-695-991
Addicting.  ADD ME PLEASE!  Need more allies
Love it. Add me 747-899-620 USA. Add all. Level 25. Play everyday.
This game is awesome
Add me!
998 209 576.  Will accept right away.  Playing this game all the time now.
994 139 643
Add me...906-030-174   This game is awesome and addictive!!  The lack of attaining gold other than having to use real money is a bit of a rip off!
595 211 339
Add me 777-340-894
Great game  add me 559907759
Its a great game that im so addicted to it and plzz add me 880 739 138 and thank you: D and this is my friends code he is lvl 38 :D 502 201 947 and thnk you again: D
add me 527 946 583
Not happy unless you can fix it. Did the update and now I have loss everything and the game is starting me at the beginning!!!!  Is there a fix or sign in?
Fun Game
I love this game.  I could use done allies to get ahead.  Me and my 5 year old play this game together....:)
Add.  **376-268-542**.   Play mostly at night. ADD.  ADD. 376 - 268 - 542. GREE INC. FIX BUGS AND FREEZES ON GAME *** I will offer game strategy advice for newbies on my post. ...hit me up wit any ??? Or just read my post after joining. Remember...nothing is free!!!
Add me!146-562-959
An awesome game its good
add me
add me warriors...392-188-333
Please add me n my bf will be accepted asap :) 672205282 n 340702495
Addicting and fun game! Alliance code 369 155 560
601 059 107 - ANDROID CW2 Harting(add me and then post your questions on my wall) Let me help you get started enjoying this awesome game! I play on my Toshiba EXCITE 10.1 Tablet, my iPhone, iPad II as well on my Samsung Galaxy phone!   My question, why is Modern War so different IOS vs Android? LETS GET THE RANKING SYSTEM IN PLACE LADIES AND GENTLEMEN!!!   The Android update went well this morning, all the gold buy goodies were added but the ranking system is still on hold. However this game will still keep you engaged for days/months!!! Yes you can buy gold but if you use the right strategy you will have free fun for a long time. I've been playing this constantly on my iPad for the last couple months and now finally have created a new account on my ICS 10.1" tablet too. My other level is currently level 74 with 579 allies, keep on keeping up the good work Funzio! NOTE: Be sure to create a Funzio account so you can transfer your games between phones;: and tablets, now for the iPad and Android operating systems.  IOS 703 156 754 CW3 Harting;
Awesome game add me pls
Add me 821-820-765. This is a great game, a lot like FoW but more interactive, I love it :)
Any one can add me. 347-819-249
Game is fun especially when your attacking back and forth on one person..add me 208 476 308
Helpful tips, cash is king so make sure you build and upgrade those Money buildings. This is not a race. Strong economy will result in strong defence and attack. Shorter term cash is more than longer term cash payout. Enjoy this great game and do add us as your allies
358-751-233 I will add everyone, and will add you quickly too.  This is just like Crime City but better!
Great game so far. Huge alliance. I play multiple times a day. Add me 944 425 131
Download people
Fun
733 430 447 thanks. Excepting all requests guys
733 430 447 thanks. Excepting all requests guys
Fully sick...
Hey! HEY!!!! Wana Add me tooooo?!?   ;) 733-730-303
Decent game, add me. 691-841-950
My ID 265 152 303
Awsome game I play both crime city and modern wars add me for   Crime City  688-598-552  Mordern War 108-802-663
Looking for allies 651 983 362
Very addictive game, can't put it done, add me and you will be accepted today
Love this game... add me 299-909-490... let play together...
Play all the time!!!
Play all the time!!!
bagus
Great game join me 805450875 please
Great game add me 525-847-793
998-877-499
Add me 775_972_794
THE BEST GAME  EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Add me: 293-976-865 Active player!
Add me 253 321 966
Good
Good
I play daily, Add me add me 229-752-209 i need help.
ID # : 594 036 189... let's do it  ★visit ally bases for $1000 per base instantly,  up to $25000 a day.  good luck to you.
Add me play multiple times daily leveling up fast  327138487
Lets join up 911 118 661.  D.C. in the building 173 117 270
This game is a blast. Tons of fun all around. please add 179285504, lol
Add me 514-170-151
188-139-484 I'm getting there. I play here and there daily. I'm working on my own base right now. Its pretty large. Once I have everything expanded and upgraded, it should be pretty beast.
To show up from ios to android. Plays the same and across both platforms flawlessly on my custom g2x.
Add me! Thanks :D 600-185-841
Great game! Add me: 404-281-104
Fun game
Add Me daily player 138 050 196
Add me daily player
Add me-272-861-975
118-261-642
This game rocks...!!
236 554 326 allies please!
add me 243194453
add me 243194453
207-292-585
Good game...add me, I play every day...597-597-935.
This game is excellent! !!  Can't put it down. Strong allies are key to victory"wanted a few good men. All accepted; my Code 127572100
Add me whenever ill accept 693 132 087
Works great on my galaxy s2.  add me 254 473 181
Add me 553721255
I visit everyday, get a free $$$ by visiting me!  688-197-521
Cool game add me we will dominat
Add me 178 980 883. Play every day. Game is better than crime city.!! Isn't slow and doesn't bog down my phone like crime city. Love the idea of upgrading your vault, gives a decent chance if a good payday on attacks. Sorry if I end up stealing a lot, nothing personal.
Gud game..i play it 6 hrs in a day..i accept everyone reqest.....plz invite me ....i have a big army whith level 25....thanx
Please add me daily player 924-908-510
COBRA 999264117
Great game add me ID: 477 733 483
This game rocks.
Love this game. Its awesome
Add me 623 457 569
Add me 752439417
please add General Bubba to your team. 277 784 474
Add me 780475045
All add 667.099.920
All add 667.099.920
This game is a lot of fun
Its alrihhty :))))))
Game very addicting once u get going..add me on your unit...850 850 966...download the game now...won't b disappointed
Add 114140820
Please add me! 749-026-377 please add like right now!
507-276-745 Add me to win. USA!!
Hey Players lets Help each other out Add me 489-123-083
Man
Add me plz 618-857-077
Great way to kill a few mins. Add me 104-834-978
Amazing
I love this app is streesd relive
Add me as an allies 886-797-626
Totally addictive game.  Hourly player.  Add me to help grow your alliance.  Visit my base once a day to get an easy $1,000 for your army.
Add me 992-130-524
Awesome game good for spending time
So fun to raid or attack other real players
Great game so far add me  613-191-917.
Add me thanks
774-395-565 everyday player add me! :) <3
Had 8 crates to open with 3 goggles already and game crashed and all my crates and goggles are gone and so is the goggles icon
Let's rock this $h!t... add me 693-797-575
My number is 172 218 656 and I'm a everyday player that needs allies so plz everyone let's get this going
426396619 add me
Add me 415562245!
This is a GREAT GAME, but it needs more information on how to advance, collecting money, (ie; do you have to collect when you're activly on line or will it accumulate), can I defend myself when someone is attacking me, I also can't see the entire box when I am increase my buildings $$ wise or gold bars. Anyway I love playing it, just need more information. Thanks T Snarl
Cold game and easy learning curve but when "rivals" start raiding and take your hard earned cash you will need to build your defenses. If you wait to earn the cash you will be playing this game very little as all upgrades take HOURS to complete. When you buy gold you can speed up actions that would take hours to in a instant. Also gold allows you to buy units and defenses that are so much stronger than what you can buy using using cash. Recommend you level slowly, get allies buy gold for good defenses!
add me need allies hit me play everyday
add me need allies hit me play everyday
Add my ID  899-301-646
Add me I check multiple times per day. 960-819-879
Good game to kill time with. Add me if needing alliance member. . 361-354-027
Good game to kill time with. Add me if needing alliance member. . 361-354-027
Add819-326-274 Fun and addicting.
So addictive to this game..
Looking for more allies? Join me! 364-519-174
Looking for more allies? Join me! 364-519-174
Looking for more allies? Join me! 364-519-174
Game is fun and I play 2-3 times a day. Just like crime city but with a twist.  It's a blast.  247-189-578 add me amd let's commit some war crimes!!!
Don't like how people raid u but u can't raid them back. How wack
Great game!
Very similar to Crime City based off game play style. Awesome game content as in planes, buildings, soldiers,etc. Very fun time consuming game! Add me 659 685 366.
I've been playing for a little over a month now and its awesome!! I never get bored of it. Just wish I was better at raiding hahah add me!! 815 152 099
Add me 642 041 657 add me. Does lock up from time to time.
Love it. Add me 795-506-606
Great game. Love playing it. I will accept any and all US alliances. Alliance code is 140-419-324 and also 303-592-758
Awesome game. Can't quit playing. Make me your ally. 540 353 273....
Good game but has its flaws
716 667 155
I pay 10 gold to each person who adds me to their alliance, I only have 210 gold left so hurry if your interested.   My ID number is 581-883-967
Cool game just need more alliances... 463 384 651
Add me I'm really good at this game 710 517 986
Good game to pass the time away. Haven't seen anything yet to complain about. Add me please, my id is 299 331 672.
Great game add me if your a daily player 741-844-737
BEST GAME EVER ADD ME 862-269-204
Fantastic game, play all the time so add me 200-139-777.
Great Game but needs a better way to get friends then the numbers 146-678-948
Good game accept craches
Add me 197-207-542
If this duznt tell u how kool it is, nothing will
Eh
231 256 850. add me. I have a great base. Let's take over together!
Fu game
A different twist on crime story and just as fun
Please add me! 625.139.346
Fun and good for killing time add me play everyday. Just for visit you get $1000 best offer ever  566 912 751
I highly recommend this game very much
Add me 572 950 390
Add me 767-016-718. Fun game so far. Could use some allies. So hit me up i don't care what country ur playin as..
Great game.  I'll accept all invites. 146-992-938
i download it, then open the game but it said error! 'so l am gonna give this much ratinga 1star i dont even like to give this raiting !
Add everyone
Great new game. A lot of thought and attention to detail. Please add  836 271 151
Great fun & addicting
Good game but it has the same principles as crime city. Add me I am active.
G
Great game!
Fun to play.  Add my alliance 831-159-149
Add me 856-463-405 I add everyone
Add cbamm lets crew up add 294-293-142 please! The bigger the crew the more powerful we will be!
Add cbamm lets crew up add 294-293-142 please! The bigger the crew the more powerful we will be!
Please add 613-286-639, play hourly....
134386194 add me
This is one of the better games in my opinon ob the android market...very addicting and fun to play...levels are fairly easy also....add my alliance....148-171-434.............i will accept all people...148-171-434
Add me!  911-214-152
it's a great game I like it very much
This game is very addictive, I play this game every day but I still need more alliance. Add me id # 730 817 195
Epic like the fun game in the world
It's fun
261-222-965 add me
Awesome dude
Love the game just started playing and need allies so u kno the drill soldiers ;) 659-161-866
Its a great game i love playing it freaking awesome Alliance ID add me 684-316-621
136 508 827
Very addicting. And fun
add me please 762-311-041 i play daily. it is a fun game im happy i downloaded it :-) we can rule the world togeather      :-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-)
add 829203233   good game +++++
Does freeze when I try to buy stuff but still its pretty good. 613-471-062
979-527-226 Add this!
VERY FUN awesome game
Definitely like this game. Kinda new still. Level 11, but I do play everyday. Anyone looking for allies request me. 860-446-851.
481-225-988
add me 974-673-302...  Weird update since... Still addicting! Air Attack!!!
903853656 Add me please. Daily player.
Its a fun game that will pass the time. Add me 416-750-029
Good way to waist time add me pls
This game is awesome make anowhere like this lol
Add all 143 860 252
Add me 414-715-827
. Add me 880 219 558 daily player . You know you want to.
759-765-107 add me
Great game. Prices could be less. Add me as one of your allies. 106-741-120
How do u earn gold bars besides buying them . Add me 383-251-663. Allies are useful
Add me (106-289-494) and I'll add you.
Great game for a phone
353.218.066 add me lets build an army.
It is alsome
good game. Add me 461 046 080
734-999-249
Add me guys :) 707-638-187  & my bestie 438-111-797 Thnx ;) MWAZ
Please add 171-881-617
Huge group, play everyday. ADD ME AS ALLY... 783 275 020
Add me 208 463 917 you will need my help
Need allies 321-312-558...
Add me 831121421
Great game! I'm hooked already, add me 839-729-501
Pls add me friends id 363 384 309 i am in 25  stage
This game is great but the buildings take way to long to build them selfs other then that its good
Extra game
Trying To Download This 4 Free R2 Points @RRLLIC App #EndNWO
Great game
254-818-564
SO COOL,SO AWSOME...
It abat fiten
I love this game.  Occasionally there is a bit of lag but besides that it is great.  Add me - 163-310-063.
I love this game.  Occasionally there is a bit of lag but besides that it is great.  Add me - 163-310-063.
This game is great. Its great to pass the time for a little but. The only suggestion would be to allow more then one building to upgrade at a time as long as the money is available. Otherwise very fun.
Luv the game. Please add me my ID 294-391-251
782-804-308,  you know what to do with this!
Good bestttt
Very good ;-) .... 905-071-848 .... add me!
This game is AWESOME
F-ing ROCKS! love this game.
Play all the time need people on the team add me
419894386
Very entertaining and fun, playing constantly, add me, 797-756-134
Fun to play but like most games they want you to spend money for gold to get the best items...other than that great game...
994 138 169
Good  game but lot of flaws upgrade takes a day or more and only one place at a time and costs too much money to by anything takes days to by one spot to build on and days to by place to put on it was fun at first now play for ten minuets and wait for twenty for or forty eight to play ten minuets agin fix and will give five stars and allot of other things just to mutch to wright play and find out people that made must not play or the problems would be fixed that is very sad
I like this game
155-012-380
384-274-252 add me, I play allot
Joe Tun
767 322 573 please add me as an Ali!
Like the game nice way to kill time. But I seem to have problems with it freezing and not loading. Would love too have it fixed. Plz
Add me 380680035
672206384
737 744 257
Add me play all the time 516 160 369
Fun, but definitely needs work on the loading.
177-156-569 add me to increase your ATTACK/Defense power!!
This game takes time, calls for patience and strategy, and requires that you plan your attacks with thought out executions. I'll be playing this a very long time.
Better than Crime City!!...I'm a hourly player...Add me! I accept all nations! 908403821
Add me 317 380 248
927-537-866.
408-497-139 add me
Addicting!
Addicting!
Awesome
Title says it all
This game is really fun ..spend a lot of time playing ..add me..159-985-867
Fun game please add me 583-615-324
Veryfun game
943-812-861. Consistent player, will accept all, crazy addictive game!
Love it
Play every day need more allies 318 817 927
Run it like a killa
Great game plz add 682-925-336
Good game i like it. I need allies 729-660-556
Please add me 927-511-546
Its addictive
224 567 539
My dogtag is 774-718-175 please add me every.1  thanks for this and crime city 2 alsome, apps im 975-418-155 in crime city sure wish u fix the frezzes it has as i like this and crime city two good  games i am now reloading my game hope and pray i get my 774- 718-175 game back
Add me 948688253
Pretty cool game,  takes patience though.   Reminds me of Command and Conquer.  I need allies!  Add me please 275-329-802.
its a cool game ppl add me 888-556-225
its a cool game ppl add me 888-556-225
Add me...let's start a huge f****** alliance!
Cool
Add me
258-192-865
784686877this game is sick
500 gold cheat code. Go to add allies #358-759-070
Add me 476-986-193!
Great game!! Daily player!! Add me ... 612-370-576
Add meeeee please
nice nice
Awesome game allies are hard to come by though
Add me 243698130 started the day before yesterday, level 19 now! accepting ALL invites Tigermanbryan!!
Add me 984 710 308
Love this game! Daamn good job. Accepting all alliances Add me: 781-874-520
Great game frezzes sometimes add me  845018528
Add me please
Please add 368-164-948
Add me because l,m great!
525 645  645 I play 24/7 lvl 17. I'm your quickest way to winning half your battles.                                                                                   G.I. JOE!!!!!!
;-)
Top drawer
This game is great i play every day will add any one to my alliance so add me 291 406 654
383-076-363 US flag Add me please
Just like crime city. Awesome!
325-228-196
Great game!  Enjoying it a great deal.  Please feel free add me as one of your allies - 514-408-157
Great game 142-598-463 add away
$$ 206-881-869 $$    Come join my team, And let others feel the pain, of Big Daddy Pain! !!!!!!!
Add 780-188-251
Fun game. Add me 487-965-950
Add me 597-800-974
481448686 add me please
Great game
Really fun, but more explanation is needed on how defense/attack strength is calculated. Also, when playing  as Germany I only get attacked by Russia for some reason....
Add me I love this game I spend a lot of time on it   633-098-972
778-320-571
Yup
Yup
Please add me.
527 924 134 please add me. Total world domination. Daily player. I play multiple times daily. Large alliance.
So awesome
Great app addicted to it already. Could really do with some allys though as my progress has stalled. Please add me 908 585 104 i would be eternally grateful
Lookin Allies
Lookin Allies
I play this game every day I love it. It works great on my Droid X havent had any major glitches. Its so addicting. Add me 536 359 066. I accept all requests.
249-960-240
650-638-079
Would be good to have a way to store buildings to rearrange the map. 335-042-210 ADD ME! PLAY DAILY!
Fun game play daily need allys though,545-205-891 gunna need allys to get anywhere Inv I'll accept asap:)
Decent game add me to ally
Great fun. Add me as an allie! 776 640 700. Power in numbers! Go USA!!!!
Its a fun game to play, add me 433 260 544
Good game..new at it.. add me 583 963 183
Very fun but  a little slow
add me...218 653 046 need more team mates play all day love this game can u say addictive...
great game alot of fun to play
An awesome game, a seriously time consuming game. Hard to obtain gold unless you buy it, screw that nonsense. Add me 895-209-611
Realy fun game worth it.
Game does tend to freeze from time to time but it's still fun as hell. Add me 296-650-405.
433-688-166   I play everyday. Add me plz!
Invite me 907-425-830
Awesome game. Add me 269255174
Fun game.  Alliances really help.  add me....797 237 479
awesome game! Add me daily player 797416992
Add Me! Great game, love the graphics.  429-059-464
ILovvvvvvvvveit
Add me 474-665-152. Good game.....
Great game. I play almost everyday. Needs a way to earn gold though. I NEED ALLIES PLEASE ADD ME!!!
Great game occasional force close but well laid out great time waster
Add me everyone  761 581 940
It's a pretty nice game with good graphics.  Add me.
Awesome.....
Love this game so far. Very addicting. Add me. 667-177-575
224 342 223 This game is a lot of fun. Haven't had any trouble with bugs yet and the game has the best graphics I've seen on a Droid yet.
Best app of Android
Love the game...add me I need allies 496-580-115
505 204 860
Fun game! Add me as ally: 164-821-851.
Fun game need allys add me 914 803 638
206-428-860 add me please
Add me 835-814-090
Add me 835-814-090
352-696-040
Love this game play everyday... very addicted to the game... + me 790-697-100 all request will be accepted...regardless of your nation.
Add me 662-138-665
Game is really fun add me 914-879-038
Please add me 911-435-741.  &   321-416-413
918-509-092
Pls add 629-993-855 thnx all
Awesome game  add me 335953256
ADD THIS CODE AND COLLECT CASH!  250.809.140 My friends will also add you.
Join me! 752 811 139 certifiedsexxii
A lot of people say you have to spend real $ to get anywhere in this game.. not true. I've been playing for 3 days and already level 16. Just takes time, plan on playing for years! It's great. You can also get up to $25k Every day for visiting alliance bases. Add me! 177 369 858
Gave it 5 stars because its a great game for a phone app.  Though it does have a couple small yet annoying bugs.  Also spent a lot of gold to rush an expansion because the lag read my finger taps then applied them all at once, thus spending my $$$.  Also this game is very focussed toward the people who spend $$$.  It needs to offer an alternative to get the cool gear.
add me 136-725-593
Add me PRETTY PLEASE:705-564-592
Add me please lv 19 daily player 353 873 536 thanks
Just started playing and its good so far just looking for allies so add.me the number is 322 682 420
A bit slow to build money and easy to spend just as quickly. Avid player, invite me into your ranks. 619-651-125. Hope to hear some invites. No crashes, or anything on my phone.
Haven't stopped playing since i downloaded it. I wake up to it, i falls asleep to it and its all i keep thinking about...
Very fun game kind of addicting Add me 339-779-879 USA force
Add me 304-534-288
553 324 515 add me play everyday
753 038 320
955413498 that's my code im jawbreaker and this is awsome game woo hooooooooooooo
Awesome
I accept everyone  200-873-588
Add me and get bonus 117.855.973
The game itself is great, but a few features "kind of" makes this game as a pay2win game, such as those OP units.
873-078-967 need allies
Wish the cost of missions were lower and the price of buildings were lower. Would love a game invite button to make new friends easier. Please add me 605-221-548
OK
Add me 824-477-525. There has to be an easier way to add allies
Add me! 256-277-879
AWESOME!!!!!!!
This is actuly awesome I'm addicted to this game
Fun game to play a little every so often. Looking for more allies, add me I accept all and play daily. 600-457-439
Cool game, i need allies. 938 385 262
Cool game, i need allies. 938 385 262
Join us as we defeat the enemy. I am a high level  834 893 793
play everyday 662-312-506 let's join the fight...
Add me 775 430 031
Needs a few changes
awesome game
Is fun and addicting but can get laggy. Samsung galaxy Add me user# 755-323-173
add me as your allie 113686408. love this game.
U
Very very game just need quicker upgrade time for items
fun
Add me up  546 685 871
Love this game lots of fun the only fall back is the lack of getting gold with paying for it add me 412-210-489
637056012 is my number all levels accepted. The more allies the more successful you are
It's the Best game ever
Add me I play daily  984-267-855
Just put this code in to your allies. 548-915-015. This will help you get started.
Great fun!
AWESOME!! I need allies and so do u... Add me
212-387-397
Daily player.. 717-178-888
cool
I love this game. Im a daily player add me 264745154
Add me as an alley and get $1000 to spend 245-121-312312.
Add me as an alley and get $1000 to spend 245-121-312312.
Add 831 181 032
Add me! On daily and very active. Great game! 752 590 884...add me to your squad!
Doesn't cost anything, some patience and frustration when you get robbed, but enjoyable.
Been playing this game for 2 days... xD i play it every time my stamina and energy gets full... Its so addictive... I love it..! Looking for allies "324 556 804" add me please.. Thx.
567-731-840
best game ever to play
Its awsome!!!
747283795 this game is sweet!
Add me 360-676-049
894298142
Awesome game it's really fun and addicting
...the secret is on how you raid.
I'm looking to build up my allies will add all... 479-410-676.
Very good game overall, and fun. Don't forget to add me: 123 197 324
Love it!
it's great but they should add a building that train special ops like that spet naz and navy seals but it cost money not gold
add me. good game!
by: Brandon
pretty good game i play it daily......add me 887-049-865
Fun game
Pls add me i am on 26  leval add me we con the world
Love the game word diggy dog
Add me 842-811-099 is interesting
350-226-673 add me
Daily player. Accepts all requests. Add 567-624-155. Earn 1000 daily by visiting my base. Thanks
Very addicting! Awesome! Do be in a hurry to level up. Add me....909 438 552	Great game! Addicting! Let's increase our strength and have access to more infantry, vehicles, ships and aircraft together! Add me... 909 438 552
Add me 835478037
Awesome.
Superb app I play every spare minute & accept all. Add me 987-279-940.
All request's excepted
528-364-400
Great for a time killer. But very addicting. Lol. Add me! 223-209-500.
Add me! 962-540-363
Add me 395 952 448 daily player
Love da game jus like crime city....add 796688616
Sick
Great game, very addicting, add me 629-160-802
I liked this game after playing it for 5 min.... everyday player --- add me 898-456-586
My id is 300-223-591 acceptance straight away
797-006-675
797-006-675
Sweet game yo it off the hook
great game.. play daily.. love it. add me 803-165-644
Awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This game is crazy just one tiny problem it lags a little but this game is great!
I play everyday and accept everybody 142 903 512
I gave them my personal info to get free gold bucks..And they said it didn(t go through 3 times!!! Look out for these crooks
ADD ME... Daily player accepting all allies 742-456-396
Good game  quick energizing and entertaining
Add me 965-157-499
Add all people so please add me
I love this game. Very addictive.
We have to spend a crap load of money(real) to get gold??? Stupid!!! But very fun game so Add me asap I'm very active I have 30allies so far  971-514-064
271-030-585
Great game.... Addicting...
Fun game 2 play
Sweet
Awesome game .
Good game play all the time there are a few bugs but a lot better than most  Add me I play almost everyday  388-601-879
Great game. Please add me. I'm on it all the time. 4 stars because of forced purchases to upgrade.
No harm no foul..try it..if not you're style then delete ...:)  must try
Overall good couple of minor fixes still needed
Add me 600 141 489 .. I have gold weapon power
Great game saved me from killing my hobo . Gay boob
Add me. 136-615-520 First people who join will get 10,000 cash.
397 839 257
add me 431 013 526
630 065 852
This game will let you feel like to keep going to reach certain levels to unlock gd stuff. Refill of energy n stamina also fast. Fun to play..
My Friend Introduced This Game To Me. Enjoy Playing Considerably - Even Though Creators Of The Game Stacked Deck Against Players - I'm Learning - Alliance Code In Subject
Best app I've downloaded in awhile...like the fact this is not just a statistic based game where you see no real actions...watching the animated explosions and actions makes it much more fun.
6699988152
Need Allies.  685-845-504
fun game slow some times and sometimes my device doesn't react to app
cool
Need some allies  768-360-788 386-223-533
Need some allies  768-360-788 386-223-533
This is a cool game
Love it.very fun
Add me and we fight the Nations !! 651-306-183 is my player ID !!
Game is very fun and addictive. Join my alliance... 599 547 049....
This is a great game although you should have a option to stop units upgrading
First game i have found in a while that doesn't bore me after 5 minutes. Daily player, multiple times a day. Add me 499379162
Need more allies, add me 116-698-936
add me 970-690-614
800 885 492
it taking long to load
The game is awesome,fun and doesn't freeze, but slow sometimes! Please Gree add a chat feature.
Need allies add me please . Thanx
397-500-859
Good game 968-987-374
Great game. On several times a day. Will accept all invites. Level 20. 939798725
hours of fun, but you will need allies to get far add me 555149256
Add me 463_024_914
add me 759188965 ... ",) thanks
ADD ME USA ONLY 210-445-356 GO USA
Add me 438 111 797
I like it nice time waster
Nice game
PLEASE ADD ME TO YOUR ALLIANCE--GIVING 50 Gold TO THE FIRST 10 PEOPLE WHO ADD ME.HARDCORE PLAYER. 842 939 302. I ACCEPT ALL REQUESTS.OKAY HERE ARE THE 10 LUCKY WINNERS WHO HAVE WON 50 GOLD EACH: 1) Cpt Silvestro  2)Marine Army  3) Kat6695 4)Commander Jake 5) Sgt Duuk 6) Crum Power 7) Epic Troll 8)Commander Heth 9) Gabriel Blackley 10) Jerome Wong
Love this gaame :) Add me 756-465-605 , im a active player and I accept anyone .
Need allies. Add me 726-550-301
Hey guys lets be allies add me 795-828-476 thanks!
Add me hourly player play all the time.                  653-117-811 level 22 will add u
best game for me!!
It a good game
Add me as an ally 730 888 210 thank you
Add me as an ally 730 888 210 thank you
cool game
Add me all accepted 683 221 244
Need allies?
Nice add me 578-233-227
Got boring cuz u can't place units down to defend ur base
This game is great. Play pretty much everyday. Lets be allies and take over the world together... 133-548-689
300-285-104...everyone is welcome to join
Great
Gud game
needs better graphics
great game a lot like the others I love
692-653-713
236 187 485 usa semper fi oohrah!!!!!!!
Add me I'm a daily player 688-633-118
Just starting out and really need allies! Great game too!
Just starting out and really need allies! Great game too!
Cool game add me 239 602 702 thanks
Cool game add me 239 602 702 thanks
I absolutely love this game add me 259-133-100
I am level 11 add me i need some allies 267 465 604
Great game, add me- 864-754-394
149 836 075 add me!  Other than that very good time waster!
149 836 075 add me!  Other than that very good time waster!
Good game pretty fun
Love this game. Add me as your ally 713-236-450
Add me
Addictive
Nice
Play all day add me 808-484-526
Add me! #@& $
ADD me 320-567-497
I'm a girl but who says I'm can't play the best boy game!!!!!!!!
i love this game i cant put it down
467-323-568
368930024
Great game, totally addicted
This game is grate
Add me please 989-656-003
Add me please
839-406-201 daily player want more allies
839-406-201 daily player want more allies
Quite fun!
Quite fun!
Wicked
Add me homies!  Lvl 21 currently Play daily Let's eff ish up!   P.s. pretty addicting game!
Greatest game ever 599 535 786
I recommend it. Really fun Add me ally id: 406 846 084
328 950 315
Add me guys 400-456-209
Great game
Great game but you need to be able to build/upgrade more than one at a time. I get frustrated waiting.resolve this for 5 stars
So far so good only started yesterday :) upgrade and build time is abit much but hey! Add me 595-080-937 on daily!
853 144 351
853 144 351
Please add!  985 - 752 - 356  Thanks
Please add!  985 - 752 - 356  Thanks
Fun game addictive as well
Add me and I'll give you 22 Avengers , 7 Chinook Helicopter and 7 Snipers !! 533414200  cu ;)
Very addictive add me 991 642 607
Love this game add me and collect $1000 per day by visiting me.
539-571-864. Add me.
Boffins
Pretty good game and very addicting to say the least. Add me in so we can team up ssome more.
Great game add me!
This game is great to fill in all that free time that you don't have!!!! It's that good!!!! Add me as part of your alliance. 415-926-413
Need people. USA is my country.
I love the game.
Great game play every day. Please add me. I accept all requests. 910-701-653
Great game need friends really bad so everyone please add me ok everyone please 682-087-804..........682-087-804..!!!!!!!!!
Cool game so far add me  914-477-164
320389922
Based on the winning formula of Kingdom age but with different skin.
Fun game. Add me! 699269624
Im glad its not all physical violence and actually has some tactics to it.
Its an awesome fun game to play
U do get attacked alot redicoulsly and the u loss money
Best game ever! The updates made this good  and i need allies so  heres my code:949-815-311
I love this game and allies can get you real far in the game my code is 190-723-409
I love it.
Good game fun to play and kill time looks nice on my HTC 1s
566-270-050 Add me  This game is so addicting i'm on it everyday please add me and we can rule the world!
really enjoying this game, without having to spend any money!  add me 891 686 708
Fun to play, moves a bit slowly at times but I still very much like it. Please add me as if you would like to!! 887 474 801.
Add me: 379-974-506
awesome game lets grow a huge group. 809038113.thanks
247 297 390
Best game
Ilove this game addme    758555702
Add me 527-554-517
Best
It's definitely addicting.
Add me 675-307-789
can only do one thing at a time. if u were able to upgrade and or build more than one item at a time it would b a 4 or 5 star.  for allies add 807-090-884
Good game could use a few changes like being able to win gold
528-181-597   add me pot favor
Good way to kill time. Add me 661 444 327
Quite impressed so far, its very similar to 'forces of war' & 'world war' still a point & tap game but more graphical & less text / image based which makes it far superior in my oppinion the only complaints I have are that theres no way to reset your game if you feel you could have started better & I don't seem to be getting my goal rewards if the goal is met while the game is off but despite these issues its still worth 5 stars!..   British player, Add me to your alliance '242-231-244'
This game is a lot of fun but its a must to have allies. Please add me so we can both advance in this fun strategy game. My id is 245 308 455
Play daily.. need allies! Add me! Thanks!
Fun game always playing .  Need a bigger alliance though. ADD ME ! 425 252 407
Just starting out level 10 154-152-445 Thanks i play everyday
862-342-316
345-576-818
Add me 384994968
Really good game
Add me you will get troops andh join one of the best Armys around Id: 942 857 253
Add me... 522 567 155.... Let's get it...
Add me. Cool game just need friends.
Add me. Cool game just need friends.
A lot fun to play!
I accept all allies. My ID is 703-618-117
Grow your army, are me 171 247 988
great game..  add me..  953-649-484 super active..  Level 21 in 2.5 days n counting...
Awesome game ! Could do with help tho guys, add me please! 661 802 520
Addicted but wish it didn't take so long for up grade on buildings. And money I all ways need more lol
399 276 538 add me please
Best game so far
Ntb
Highly addictive game I just can't put down. With a lot of patience and frequent visits, no need to spend money (although it seems impossible to earn gold). Join me to conquer the world (evil laugh) 811-902-767.
Add me if u like 929 443 272
Great game when board. Add me 467-201-227.
Need help 313 772 865
Cool
It freezees sometimes but nice game
Great game add me 123-764-982 I'll add any1 I NEED allies please add
Great game. Looks & plays awesome! Love the layout. Could be easier 2 find & invite alliance members, but this way works too: invite me 548-642-750. I play multiple times/day.
Great game. Looks & plays awesome! Love the layout. Could be easier 2 find & invite alliance members, but this way works too: invite me 548-642-750. I play multiple times/day.
This game is truelly addictive and hard to put down....Im on here constantly! Please add me as an ally.               485 305 052
Add me 834-242-435
Add me 834-242-435
Great game love the way it looks!!! I play non-stop! :D
724-104-046
724-104-046
I love playing this game. Join my Army! My ID is 350-299-545
Enjoy game alot need more allies anyone 986 339 389
Luv this game. I like how u feel like your in control
THIS GAME IS SO VERY AWESOME!!! I ILOVE IT!!!
This game has become part of my daily life! Enough said
Fun game, wish there was an easier way to get gold but well done. Add me 858-422-293 thanks
181 183 323. Needs allys
181 183 323. Needs allys
165 805 961  Great game I enjoy it add me an together we will rule the world no one will appose us
Really cool game. I play daily so add me.  ID#898--342--566
Add me 272462670
Awesome game! Add me.
310-786-459
Asesome
376-218-577 Add me! Play daily!
Add me please just starting and play daily 768637446
Very cool game needs ways to earn free cash though.add me 858333278 i like tips from people please post on my wall :-)
I play everyday.  Add me 768-064-935
Pretty cool game though it sometimes freezes on my and I have to force close it. Add me 280-216-911 and add this one to 318-517-707
Great game. The game doesnt install to the SD card,so make sure you move it over. Add me to your allies.
645-457-222 frequent player
Great game....working.g towards level 250....come join my alliances......
Play everday 979 853 640 love it....add me to your list
Play everday 979 853 640 love it....add me to your list
Add me pretty well ranked.... 680-698-562
The best app on my phone a must play I cant put it down and its free well worth your time try it you will love it awsome!
Sexxxxxxy
Need more help add me and lets take over 137-870-678
Awesome game, addicting!! I.D. 651-965-024
awsome game ....n best part its free
Reminds me of mafia wars... But better... Let's fight...add me 982 495 973
Love this game can't stop playing it!
Awesome
Very fun an pass time when your really board I'm hooked .
The game is pretty good, add me 774-591723
This game is awesome, and friend me please my tag is 163-917-610.
This game is awesome, and friend me please my tag is 163-917-610.
I Lake tris versión very much better
Really good game,
Add me. 393105205. Play ever chance I get. Very addicting.
Fun
Idk
Add me allies needed great game. 591 856 970
Fun game but you need all the allies you can get.  Add me 760 057 393
U
fun game i wish they had  updates
I need help please add. 827-858-705. Great game.
I need help please add. 827-858-705. Great game.
I need help please add. 827-858-705. Great game.
This game is really great! Very addicting and I can't put hands down on it. Add me and let's grow strong. 740 130 284
Title days it all.
See title.
Great game add me please
Add me 483 356 838
Alliance ID 352-179-173.
I love it
Add me 997244584
Game is a great time killer! I have had no problems at all even with a poor signal while at work! Please add me!
Add 564 346 955
Fun game to kill some time with. If you need allies add me 113-755-992
This is badass
Add me! 156-761-052 Fun game, combines building a base, attacking other players, and doing missions. Building is a bit slow but otherwise it has a nice balance. It also really eats your data allowance
The battle epic
*964 929 214* captain kirk, addictive, a lot of fun so far... Add me..
710263291
Great game so far.Add me  343-380-291
Add me
Add me
Need more allies 957 606 051
Its an okay game... typical time waster... add me as an ally: 347421963
Add me very active player. I can help you if you need as well.  877 972 631  - Texas Militia
Bad a** game!! Got a samsung admire the last update fixed the crash issues but still have to do app killer most times after closing the app to not have conflicts whwn starting something else!  But still 5 stars for this addictive game. Pls add me lvl 23 now 152-537-506 Now go raid someone:))
Recently down loaded and haven't been able to put down yet. Total game crack.
Love it!!!! I play this on my tablet all the time, passes time easy, very addictive, when you start back up you DON'T wanna put it down.....I added it a few days ago, I'm level 11,  Add me if you on world domination... 217-261-951 General House... Let's get it!!!!
Add me 800 523 533
Invite me 689 955 082 and be sure to visit daily for $1000!  Skip missions and raid/rob for cash and valor points. Skip missions so you don't level too fast past your resources!
Invite me 689 955 082 and be sure to visit daily for $1000!  Skip missions and raid/rob for cash and valor points. Skip missions so you don't level too fast past your resources!
This game is too addictive. lol. Awesome.
Very good game. Beside crashes.
You will lose your life Add 988-341-791 to join a large alliance
Plez add!!! Daily player!!!
Ive been waiting to find this game for my galaxy! Been playing on my ipod for awhile now! Love this game. It is highly addicting and never boring. The only game that Ive downloaded and not been bored of! Thanks Funzio for letting your game be available on google play! Looks soooo much better on my galaxy than my ipod ;) keep up the good. work!
Add me!!
Great game keeps me busy when I'm bored
I really enjoy playing this game.
Love playing but have a hard time getting on the server. Then when i do some times half my base is gone. Can anyone help me?
Fun
Hardcore player/players with my alliance all welcome come and join the strongest force on modern war add  : 464-987-682
Super fun and addictive add me 559-873-824
Add me 482-616-482.  Add me for 1000$ a day. Great game. Addicting. 3D graphics. Modern war
Please add me I have no alien what so ever 818-165-975
Fun game very addictive....add me as an ally 768-296-318
414 826 906
Love the game. Hate the gold.
DJ
Hourly player .. add me .. 918 790 687
Addictive! Add me 600-396-593
Community
If only it work off-line then I'll change my ratings to 5 stars
646 257 234 play constantly
It catches my attention but there's a bug with the supply depot, when you rotate it you can't face it a certain way
The truth .
I'll admit, I'm addicted.  Love this game.  Add me and I'll accept.  405-297-663.
Fun and addictive
865~ 923~853
865~ 923~853
UFO
This is a awesome game
plz add 534 922 362
Fun to play absolutly addicting, allies are nice to have.
948-117-379 Love this game
Similar to mafia wars but better
Its a great game, add me  402-964-412
Awesome game
Fun way to be entertained. Please add me:966823374
What is awesome thats a fact just try out 1 time I bet you like it unless you are 1 of those kids to get nervous when you see something fun and hope it's not a problem
Add me 350 240 162
Accepting all allies!! Add me plz 127-501-973
118-849-071
Love the game add me 785749319
278-525-050 i need allience members
Except it almost excactly  the same like Crime City! ADD ME 974-259-108®
Simple.Fun.Addictive. Enough said. Install now!!
add me 978589696
Add me 876-358-252 looking for new allies
Good game, enjoyable and nice graphics. Add me 780-021-922
This game rocks bow to the mighty noodle
The game is fun, but fear it may become crime city, where advancement is near impossible without buying gold. And buying gold items makes you a god among those who dont
Add please
Allot of fun hours of free play. If u spend $ and u can it speeds up making new better buildings but you don't have too.	Fun five stars
add me accepting all 110269516
Very good game, send alliance request to 208-139-614
490 272 758 Let's go and conque the World Together we shall rise.
Well the game is beutiful for young ages
Its a great game and is addicting but takes time to get money or do missions
Add me 888 238 543. Building a huge alliance
Very good game addictive
540 426 548.. Great game!! I play it all day...
good
Superb game....one should really play this
Cool game add me *340-146-661
Swag game
634_111_264 great game
Pretty fun game.   Add me 505 976 436
Good game...add me  271-411-748
I play everyday my ID is 586-289-181
Add me playing all the time. 447-202-806
Him
Im a daily player. Add 690-971-401
Addictive game, very fun wish it was easier to add allies, still all in all one of the few games worth installing!!!!!!
The best game i played for android sometimes outs though. Add me 173~599~008 for a good headstart.
Add me 891 796 607
Pls add 587-493-713
Add me pls 780 474 558
This is the coolest war game on android. A must have for strategy game buffs.
Add 824-134-299 for an extra 20 members in your alliance hurry limited offer first 200 only
right of the top of the world
Good
Fun needs more free gold bricks
A1
Please add me. 702-507-253
Please add need help to build my barmy army
Pls add me 815-120-814
Nead allies 955 541 265
Dashing
845 575 511 very addicting. Need more energy!! Add me please!!
642895319 hourly player
Good game... add 134 316 221
M
Good
705-843-441
Great game for killing time and enemies lol, add me = 757-995-461
Add me... Daily player. 649 428 381
Add me
This is cool
Awesome
608 495 226
Great to long to upgrade and build
A great game to pass the day  Add me 496 371 798
Add me 505-466-339
please add me
Just started & LOVE IT!!!! IT REMINDS ME OF MY MILITARY DAYS!!!!!! 980   648.    690.
Awesome game you will love it
It is sick
111 560 402 add me!
782 653 019
fun game. play it daily
Good game
Daily player add me 917 083 501
I love this game I'm always playing hmu ppl
Awesome, add me
Awesome game. Wife hates it when i play games like this, witch makes it more fun. I have a great winning record...add me 596 034 081
Awesome game. Wife hates it when i play games like this, witch makes it more fun. I have a great winning record...add me 596 034 081
Awesome game. Wife hates it when i play games like this, witch makes it more fun. I have a great winning record...add me 596 034 081
Its wats
Get free 500 gold! if you go to "add aliancies" and type in 862-969-749
Awesome
Add me! 694-573-704
deff a fun game. its cool to kill time
I downloaded this game just to try it out, 5 hours later, I realized I wasn't trying it out anymore!
Add me 493-152-222
Add  Id 256-059-332. only problems i've had is freezes only happened once so far though. Unable to get "free gold" on my device also.
978-718-479   Add me  I will accept u fast  978-718-479  Add me
221-646-539 add me.I need alliances.and I play 3 to 4 times a day.
Add. Me Dailyy player 248 232 408
I enjoy Modern War! It lets me blow things up and be military !
621-285-250..please add me..
Everything about it is addictive my only issue is getting more gold!
Fun game to play but like most its pay to win....impossible to get gold, and unless u play often ppl take ur $$...still its free so what do ya expect..._add me i accept all
601.335.947   see you on the battlefield!
The game is good just wish there would be a better way to get gold. And like that you can upgrade anything. As if you want an ailly add me 161-943-156
I like this game
814-581-375 please add!!
814-581-375 please add!!
262 359 161
Fun game. And good luck. Add me if you want 670 081 165
Fantasty game
Add 983-836-595. Strong and active player. More than 100+ Allies!
Great game helps pass the time at work add me! 408-421-388
923 943 116
Awesome game just wish gold didnt cost an arm and leg
Daily Player and need Alliances : 749-954-382
Title says it all
897 468 926
Please add me everyday player USA! # 206-132-988 fun game. USA ONLY please.
This game is cool
add me 371 434 985 good graphics for lil game a. good for wasting time.
add me 371 434 985 good graphics for lil game a. good for wasting time.
Fun and addicting
Need allies 813 127 408, seems to be a pretty good game so far.
Fun game but slow with refills
Good game
765-897-114
Fun, exciting, great graffic's, addicting!
Bug fixed!! YAY!!!
good
Like playing a lot
646-939-016 Game is addicting
Add me.
Australia
Australia
I love it
Add me, daily player 798217702, thank you
Good game. Add me 797 525 708. Add me
Good game. Add me 797 525 708. Add me
Fun game add me
Fun game add me
add me 217 970 497
My Id is 311-553-063 add me
Love u
Add or perish  679-755-380
Add or perish  679-755-380
Just started playing and need allies. Add me 943 252 392.
Pretty cool game
New the game but like it alot on it all the time add me plz 365-950-232..
New the game but like it alot on it all the time add me plz 365-950-232..
345 982 100
Awesome fun, I am a hourly player and play all day & night, add me plz 748 708 490
Awesome game, could use a little more free stuff, to be really strong you almost have to put money in to it, but really fun!  Please add me 220-829-657 need allies really bad, tyvm!
Awsome but some bugs
I am addicted to this game. Awesome!
Lots of money and a fair bit of your time.
Love this game need more friends though! Add me 941-324-294!!!
Great game a lot going on to make slow but acceptable add 837 341 913
Add me 711-923-922
I can't find the tank!
I can't find the tank!
Love da game bigger you alliance the better
Awesome!
Need alliance . Need to build a alliance so me and my teammates take over the game ! Add me
Add me 566988528
Add me 566988528
Great but like others have said. You need alliances. Add me!  613 429 821
Daily player
Need allies plz send request
Great game, really addicting. Need friends though. ID: 725-441-854
Great game, really addicting. Need friends though. ID: 725-441-854
Great game! Fun to play
If your an american person join me you'll never lose $$
Use my code. Visit you allies so you get 1000 per visit a day.   Please add me this game is the best ........
This game is great. I don't run into any glitches and I don't have to fight with advertisements.
LOL lol huh  Hi Hi Lpo
391-242-373
Awesome game. You need allies 725-556-531. I play all day long. Add me
Lots of fun
Great game and please add me
Great game and please add me
Great game and please add me
Fun
awesome game.. not as boring as other games that involves energy and stamina.. add me 520-776-656
This is a great game for the phone. Keeps me occupied on ghe train. Be sure to add lots of allies as that helps. Add me. 905 544 118
Add me I'd# 955-203-859. Just started need allies. Addictive game
.....
288-977-605 add plz Play daily will except any invite. Awesome game
I need a bigger alliance strengths in numbers  942 217 116
it has great detail
Great game but they should make it easier to obtain gold bars.
Great game but they should make it easier to obtain gold bars.
557993173
Awesome game! Add me! 745-408-704
It looks awsome
please add me 569-840-640
Love this game. So hooked. Add me. 586-352-298. Play every day
Wow
5 star
Awesome
Great game lots of fun
On all day add me 230028818.
Just started add me please 844 387 939
Dobbin
Excellent game
i love this game add me i play all day
Love the game, just wish it was easier to gain allies :/ lol
Love this game
Please add me for more tips. 188-558-923.  Tip to get free cash.... visit your allies every day.  You get 1000 for each visit.  If you have 50 allies thats 50k a day free cash to arm up.
Please add me 110 931 956, currently level 20 with 22 allies and need to get to 35 allies. Thanks
GG
Amazingly addictive...cant put this game down unless to refill my energy. 5 stars!
Game is awesome and very addicting
cant put it down. much much better than world war. ADD ME:997-231-827
Game is fun but to make good advancement need to spend money. I believe they charge to much for this.
Verry cool game
Fun
Time pass
Great game add me 131385372
Add me 147 851 517 Just started and need help. Level 14
Add me 727 868 620
933-303-408 great game build money buildings early!!! HTC evo LTE
I play all the time please add me  280-655-742
Its definitely a fun game to pass the time. Feel free to add me: 371 931 072. -nolij
There is MUCH worse on the market. ADD ME; 849-432-891
add me awesome game 521 353 145
Great game add me 731 723 560......
I think I am addicted. Add me. I need more allies. I play every night.
Great time killer.. Crime city war version but add me Gen. Stone @ 755-625-568 i play daily an will add u bak an accept immediately. Lets get it.
United  Kingdom.  880 978 117.
Gteat game overall
Great game. Please add 461 257 884
Great game. Please add 461 257 884
Add 565 704 709 and 517 110 634
Add me 414 801 940
Add me 901-335-069
Add me 901-335-069
I like it
Its relaxing, and good
637 284 348 add me :)
327 986 103
3 words, best game ever
Very addicting
Very addictive, but you must add allies or your toast....add me up it will help....391-051-026
I level up 3 times a day(thats the avg.) And my daily income is 500,000
So play this game if you like action SUPERB!!!
Good game  Please add me 935-465-510   #
Ok.
Addicted after 5mins -great game Please add me as an ally
add me 740-721-569 and 523-930-486  352-114-227
Nice format for a game. Alot of action. I like it . A little slow to upgrade buildings.
awesome game makes night shift go by quickly.only cripe is the gold issue.
USA team here! Join the best! Ok, ok, join my mediocre team. I play often and visit me daily for free $1000. How can ya pass that up? 311-963-621
Add me on both mw an cs... 825-185-858 mw... 839-359-140 cs
Awesome game, you need allies to be the beat though! 113 757 341
Great game, building everyday! Play more than once a day, defo a game to have! Download now!!
Great game, building everyday! Play more than once a day, defo a game to have! Download now!!
Great game and its very addictive once you start to play
Add me: 256 091 762
Fun game add me 942-841-138
Love the game. Add me to your allies. 433 770 429
Wow...... this games is very nice for me and my son
Already Level 7 in two days. Playing this everyday and already have quite a few friends to back me up.
It looks epic I watched the video on YouTube and its class
Please add me. Need allies! Awesome game as well.
Add me please need allies. Great game. Liked crime city now I dont even go on it now that I have this.
Add me please need allies. Great game. Liked crime city now I dont even go on it now that I have this.
Add me please need allies. Great game. Liked crime city now I dont even go on it now that I have this.
Add me please need allies. Great game. Liked crime city now I dont even go on it now that I have this.
Cool!!!!!!
103752608
Level 25.. Add me... 357 672 072
Enjoying the game, only issue for me is the amount of time buildings take to upgrade, and it's annoying only being able to upgrade one building at a time. Also I need more allies! Add me 395-986-279
One of the best free games.
299-638-698. Daily player. Feel free to add. Only negative I can say about it is the lack of indication, like the yellow arrows used in crime city, of what needs to be done on boards after the initial clear. In order to get 5/5 on all the objectives per area, you need to guess. Hoping this change is done on the next update.
Fun for 5 min but gets boring after....same stuff over and over (review: LoneWolf)
So great
Cool dude love this game, add me 873 925 263
Great n addictive game
Pretty good stuff.
Great game i love it alot
I like this game but if more stuff cause i'm an 8 year old So lets put more stuff in it
Amazingly addictive
972..105..586 I play daily
This is a fun game that both my son and I like to play. It would be better if the game could control more than one game on my phone instead of him using his moms phone.
Add me please.
The best game in DROID
Game is pretty good but moves slowly you need a large amount of allies to succed and am currently accepting everyone
This game is stipid fun...
Needs daily bonus. Add me 355039169
Great game!
Brilliant game!
Like this game get it
Great game! I think its better than crime city!
Fun addicting game add me 541-053-602
Its pretty much amazing
Addicting. Add 584-375-626
it is a fun game. great time killing game. Add me to grow your army to get better  563 568 195
Always crashes
Nice change compared others without animation.
Its very addicting!!! I love this game. I play it every day! May be the coolest war game ever.
Its great
Great game
add me 407-627-584
Its very addicting and a great time killer. Add me 112-953-381
Fat
Fat
670-485-218 add me please awesome game, needs less time for upgrades and we need more than just one at a time upgrades too.
Fun...
Luv it
Addicted
Add me 823-916-601
Add me 823-916-601
A must have time killer.
An awesome game
I love this game
The best game I've played hands down! I can't stop playing it ! My only problem is the massive amount of time it takes to upgrade/build/expand but its ok the time  actually makes it better, cus u never know what's gunna happen between times .... Bottom line fun game
Good game been playing for a while add me and my boy 155-587-348 & 573-096-310
Great game if you don't mind spending Money to advance.
Great game add me! Need people accepting all... 983 917 691
Please add me 107 147 602.
Add me i can help you!! 316-872-691
533 529 954
Such a good roll playing game once u know what ur doing
Please add me. 335-094-028
Fun! Addicting!
This game is a good time to play and attack every one else camp base and take over and take them and etc good game to play to pass the time on lunch brake and at home	This is a great game to
This is a fun and addicting game, the only real problem is it's very hard to get gold aside from paying money for it.
Good game speed.problems add me 190 937 093
Good game speed.problems add me 190 937 093
Add 906 882 766. Great game probably the best. Play all day
Game is very fun and addictive. Especially if you have many allies. Add me I am super active. Enter code 721-834-488. See you on the battlefield!
776 835 849
776 835 849
I  love this game
I  love this game
Needs daily bonuses thpu like ur other game crime city sp i agree with dustin
This game is awesome!
Play but addicting!!!
Fun game. Payable without spending  cash. Seems to rely on ally building at the expense of other things.
922-803-249 ally me...
Here's my ID 509.675.602 I'm really good at this game so please add me it's lonley out here plus I need some help
Add me. 482-809-222
This is an Awesome and addictive game. I need some allies, so add me, and get the bonus points & cash. Thanks, Yelroc
Its cool
778-001-045
I downloaded this recently and havent been able to put it down plz add me 518 135 821
742-564-047 Add me!
Great game add me 357-193-146
Great game!! Love the ability to have an alliance. Play everyday go team USA! Add me!!
Add me 406 898 950. Play it all day everday
Great little game. Very addictive
Very addictive game   Add me guys 916 939 061
Very addicting game! I love it.
Very addicting game! I love it.
230 097 154
Very fun and addicting. Please add me. 747-638-134
I like war and its cool that you can build youre own base.
Need help would like more allies please code 247-697-828 thanks gd game
Cool so far add me 947 505 819
This game made me like black ops even more
Great game ,accepting all pls add 966-238-177
448-056-077   I play all day will add you instantly!!
Fun game to play keeps your intrest up add me!!! 443-571-215
Good game i play alot.. Add me 502 143 221
Add me!
AWESOME Dis game is the big deal Amazing n really addictive! :-) This is a Heeeeeeeeeeeell good app good job guys!
great game super addicting. would like to be able to upgrade and build more the  one building at a time. add me 391030828
Great game and they r great at fixing any bugs that may show up!  A quick from the start game that keep u on your toes!  They could come up with somthing to make getting allies a little easier however!  Keep on raiding my friends!
Great game. Freeze's up every once in a while. Not a big deal.
Good game need more guns
veri nice
Daily user. accept all
Great game  love it add me hourly player 152-174-464
Super game 5 stars a must download game
Awsome Game
Awesome Game. Very happy and adictivooooo 100%.
It's a great game, download it. Be my ally 648-702-483.
Bril
Awesome
Getting into this game even with the occasional crash or slowdown. Add me as an ally 615-146-718
Can't stay away from it add me 180-364-254
Awesome and addicting game! Add me 871-976-722
Runs great on HTC EVO 4G.  Add me please.
Good game! Add me 894 953 532 USA.
Great game
Playing all day please add me. Great game 368-371-593
Add 538 112 156
This game is quite amusing and very addictive!
This game gets addicting but freezes a lot. Add me 284 210 647
Please add me
Game let me be a german named generalrape.. i was hooked since
Great game, tons of fun and a great time killer, Hourly player. Please add me 437-037-509
Great game, very addictive! Add me....241-934-960
Five Stars
good work and keep up update too 463-211-755 ill be here and work on thank
Loving it!
Pretty cool
Great game! Other then the long wait for upgrades.but good.really enjoy it
Brilliant graphics for a phone
If u love crime city u will love this if u aint got crime city get this aswell so addictive all add me 857-917-314
If u love crime city u will love this if u aint got crime city get this aswell so addictive all add me 857-917-314
I love this game im on it 24/7 looking for allies add me 618-037-699
Add me 472-551-401
This is such a great game! So fun I just seem to can't stop playing it! 5 stars!
What a blast! Go ahead and add me. 645 171 221
Wicked game totally addictive.
Best one I have. Add meh 870-323-879
Best one I have. Add meh 870-323-879
I got to say it's alot better than world war live. You actually see movement in the game like planes and soldiers even tanks that do a whole lot more than just sound and pictures. And for that I give it the big 5 stars up.
Great game!  Only downfall is can take a long time to upgrade buildings in a short amount time.
Add me, I play like crazy! 760-748-700
This is a great app!!! My id is  280 175 093 Add plzz!!!
Add me 860-101-553
Fun rts
ADD ME ^
Entertaining and addictive just hope u don't need gold all the time like crime city. Add me as a allie pls. 404-771-916
Nice game need a allie add me
Please add me 702-295-819
375-634-779 add me
Add me  420-032-663
800 607 203 and 536 097 832
Very nice game add me pls 205334968
Great game play everyday add me 209-814-734
Hot
Love it!!
Fun game, very addictive. My id is 313-871-486, add me as an ally and we can conquer the world
More things available to buy with money
Active player and i love this game! Add me together we can rule.
Every day player looking for allies!!  Add me 833-741-740
Addictive
Love this game!! I need more members please add me 397-937-079
Fun game, add me 208-068-813
great! I love this.
Right like it says in the title, ally with me to conquer the world (no allies representing Mohammedan/Islamic nations need apply). Again, that's 425-212-550, join the fight against Shariah law!
Awsome play all the time
Good
Love it
User id:  545-011-474
147-923-276
I love this game addicted to it. Add me 860-932-366
No problems, great game. Add me 636 739 609
Add me up on all the time will add all
Add me up on all the time will add all
Its fun but had flukes hopefully they fix this
Heaps good game very addictive!  Add me 732 914 016 thanks guys
Great Game. A few glitches but works well 630 791 231
Very addictive, add me 785-033-003
Add me need allies 511-967-704 PLAY DAILY
Great online game with loads of cool stuff to do. All this and it's free. I highly recommend that you play it.
693453641 is my alliance
I Freaking love it!
Amazing game. Really addicting. Wish the upgrades would not take so long
Decent time killer, daily player add me 587-734-635
886 429 016 accepting all
Really cool game...I'm hooked.
Very addictive a must get
Very adictive game. Love it, if you enjoy strategy then don't look no more I've tried many strategy games for android and this is the best out there. Add me play daily 731-064-690
Add me!
epic u should get it
Fun game worth passing time on.
Kinda like mafia wars from MySpace/Facebook. Ally up: 619-585-581
Pretty cool game.. Please add and lets get stronger.. Active daily and willing to helpout greenways the name 120 751 894 iz the fame will accept all requests, thanks :-)
Add plz
804 088 664
Add me A good game
Add me A good game
522-390-004
Excellent just like crime city except its crime military MARSHAL LAW OUT HERE seriously add me 676-650-298
Very fun and addictive game add me
Houers of fun good grafics
Cool game ,very addictive ;-)
Helps kill time, I've been hooked since I started, add me 755 008 803
Shorter upgrade times please dev. Add me 776-603-544. Thanks.
Add me 961998663 I play everyday
Awesome
Cool game
Great game...hourly player..add if need help 637-043-083
Nice game
Its the greatest app in my droid. I cant put it down
Add me daily player 430-576-140
Great game plz add me. 700-117-387
Fun game add me 302 011 806. I will give free gold
Worlds best game
DAME good Game A++ just to bad you cant play it on your pc that whould be cool
WTF! I came back to my base and half my buildings were gone! Glitch much!
I love this game play every sing hour of the day i am pretty lazt add me 660-427-006 thx oh and i am pretty good at this game
Very fun
Sweet game. Add me 790 342 482
Good game add me 710-071-339
Add me 631-215-116
Add me. Thanx 155 253 633
Add me ....166-378-100
Add me ....166-378-100
Freezes a lot but it's still a great game
Oh before I forget add me my number is 515 480 770
Only drawback is you're at a disadvantage if you don't spend money.   Add me 529-200-245
So far its proven very addictive. Add me - my number is: 752-752-413
446-579-658 add me!
Good game
Good game
Cool app
Love it
Awsome game play ever day new alies 745-146-726
764-629-123
Very addictive game
Great game
A very fun addictive games. Great time consumer. Add me id# 896 973 428
I enjoy this game greatly!!!
Fun game. Add me 120 641 898.
This game is fun just not sure why you need friends in a war game
Way better than crime city... Come with me if you want to live
Great
Cool
I love is game
A great time killer! I play all the time. Add me 677-638-777
684-981-085. Accept all.
Good game keep upgrading love it. From KEVIN..
Good game. Its very addicting. Add me, I am always looking for allies 508-340-811
Great game doesn't lag add,me: 496-372-749
My code is 307360402 add me
Add me 197-489-978
Great! !!
Add me as an ally id # 734 579 337.
Add me 330-165-333....I accept all! :)
This is the most awesome war game on moible.
Awesome game to kill some time, 451-142-949
Add me 365-552-442
Needs more free gold and lower times. Please lower times
Needs more free gold and lower times. Please lower times
Great game!!!! Addicted within 1 day. Feel free to add me...have a lot of defense to offer!!!
Great game!!!! Addicted within 1 day. Feel free to add me...have a lot of defense to offer!!!
this is a really fun game.  a lot of missions & a lot of fun.  you need allies, it is part of your missions, add me 125 - 771 - 304.
Add me 281 114 103
I enjoy playing these type of games still new at it and a lower lvl if anyone wants an ally 386-961-126
Great game gets addictive
I like this
Add me ally, remember always have fun
add me  need allies 845 020 541
add me  need allies 845 020 541
Really cool game add me to your team 199-440-953 yb
Good game, buildings and upgrades are very time-consuming, but the game would be too easy if they weren't. Alliance ID:  357-205-615
771 914 764.   Add me always on always watching
Fun
I play daily and would love to have as many allies as possible! #486-362-043
865 394 602
Good game add me. 198-329-213
Excellent game so far...having a hard time winning raids and vs.  Need allies 541-879-377
add me 525-342-450
817307875
Need some allies 158120414
Add me! 547 112 958
Add please
Add me and we'll rule the world!! Need alliances, hook it up! Oh and this game wicked awesome!!
Good game
Nice and easy to start game. Lots of fun and helps pass time. Make it more fun and join the horde. 619-953-855
Fun game.  Pretty addicting.   Join me 832-871-451
173233936 514346504 283725327 501692647 127355939 494407179 234310396  586003220   931090151  695638037  200823234  193974566  987212370  363020201 400113051 448645527  948412675  186449806  971112847  919736760  283978280  892773200 235343836  762942966  835678493  235180771 562936272  252363697 270268504 681794784  523326070 Next add the ID#s (you're welcome). Copy and paste this message (with your ID #) to players ranked higher than yourself & watch the requests roll in as the train goes round and Round!
Best game ever i love America
Good game, upgrades do take too long and not enough gold. Ally up!!  354-221-850
Addicting  need allies tho add me 318 330 269
its great!!
Great game, never get sick of it and sooo addictive, and runs perfectly on my tablet. Guys, got funds, but no backup ! Add me ! 777-020-276.
Add 506-658-421.
Great game very addicting. Just wish there was a say to earn gold without having to pay for it. Good game. Add me please!!!!! 540_885_414.
Add me. 926 544 239
I love this game!  i have only had itvfor a week but im addicted!  Just need more allies add me 825-450-972
I love the details the graphic the interaction and generally the overall application
I love this game
Fun play! !!!!!!!!!
Mint a must download
I was born for this. I just wish it didnt always cost to have gold
Add me plz 390-401-728
kool game so far add me up usa usa!!
Add me: 729-588-364
Great game
Excellent game. Has a Farmville feeling to it at first, but becomes its own game after the first 15 minutes. I'm currently looking for allies, and I play a lot, every single day. Add me if you want: 701-113-611.
797636935
Great game, but crashes and freezes a lot, invite me for added power 554-469-944	Great
I really enjoy playing this game it is however another farm town build it up game but if you like that it is pretty awesome
Play eveeyday!!! Add me! 897-081-568
Great game add me.... 431-244-133
151-533-858
151-533-858
Good game for level up and interest in beating other rivals. Enjoy!
Awesome
It is just like the army
I love this game
I love this game
Add me. 715-773-230.
Fun game all around. Add me as an ally 400-164-474
237-177-237
Like
get ur money up first ight its live
I love this game.
Good game, nice animation
Add my ally id 456-330-606 to help you get started.
Time flies by.
Entertaining
Great game
Fun game. Need allies. Ad me 788-098-175.
Addicting!
Amazing game recommend it to every one there is not one bad thing about thiS game
You should play this game.  Fun and interesting!!!
I get bored at work and play this. Add me  389-020-766
Fun game can't put down add me as 1 of your allies 253661687
great game, glad it's on DROID now, but it seems to ask me to update the app every time I start the game, but there is no update available at the time, only way I can play it is to open the app directly from the Google play store, running on (MID 9.7" tablet DROID 4.0.3)  All winner A10 chip /1.5ghz processer, game grafix are exelent compared to ipod touch 4, thanks for the great game funzio!!
Good game add me 756-081-309 thank you guys
Please add me  130 401 016 I play daily. Thanks
Awsome
This game is crap unless u have a shitload of money and time
Awesome!
Add me 280-945-581
421-757-950..adding all :)
Very nice game just like crime city
Good game fun and easy to pass time REQUIRES patients.....
Good game fun and easy to pass time REQUIRES patients.....
Could do with some competitions bit hard to make money as most decent units so expensive but wicked none the less
Love this game. But plz dont start charging to advance!       Add me 540-934-584
Hooked on this game cant get enough add me peeps :)  771-861-994
Great game. 2 Thumbs up, would recommend to anyone. And thank you for finally bring this app to the Android.
Fun
Great sand addictive
Totally addicted. Love it. Does lag and freeze sometimes but worth it. Needs some minors tweeks.
Totally addicted. Love it. Does lag and freeze sometimes but worth it. Needs some minors tweeks.
Never played a military game like this add me comrades 230-833-927
awesome !
Awesome addicting
Nice game keep it up add me 752-457-668
This games great add me 760-568-228
Great game  but a little slow    737_674_805 add me play daily
Great game , out.
Great game , out.
Good game
Very fun game
Awsome game
great game i love it :-)
257806782
Doesn't require any real money expenses to advance the game and is an addiction! Add me 889-302-871
Add 957-772-275
niceeeeee
Great game.424-823-356
Sick game!!!!
Its a cool game  just like crime city  but a little different   add me  846 096 295
Add me 575 735 061
160 507 849. This is a great game that is really addictive please add me I need allies thank you
Great
EXCELLENT GAME!!! EXTREMELY ADDICTIVE AND VERY SIMPLE GAMEPLAY!!! ADD ME AND LETS RIDE OUT TOGETHER YA DIG!?!?!!! 945 052 852... 945 052 852... 945 052 852... 945 052 852... 945 052 852... 945 052 852... 945 052 852... 945 052 852... 945 052 852... 945 052 852... 945 052 852... 945 052 852... 945 052 852... 945 052 852... 945 052 852...$!$!$!$!
Exelent game
Add me 207.025.132
Add me 207.025.132
Excellent and addictive game.
Nice to work with and easy to manage base and units. 295 848 898
Look me up 790-175-690. Game is fun when you have time to play. Don't take long to level up...
Look me up 790-175-690. Game is fun when you have time to play. Don't take long to level up...
Very good, would recamend it
Good
Add me at 577-728-551 Plzzzzzzzzzz add me
Great game! need some allies so we can rule the world, send me a request 319-913-010
Great game! need some allies so we can rule the world, send me a request 319-913-010
takes to long to upgrade building's. Should be able to upgrade more than one at a time and the server is slow often
Great
Cool game! Thumbs up! :)
One of the best and most addicting games i have downloaded yet. Add me to allies everyone id is 708 851 001
This is a very fun game and a little addicting but that's ok. Add me 837 931 777
Add me 730271212 good Game
Not to bad
Add # 223 833 258. Thanks. Together we make a difference! Lol. Have fun!
I really enjoy the game even though it is hard to keep up with other players on my level who pay to play. It pays to up the quicker payoffs first so you can collect more money while upgrading the big items. Please add me! I play everyday! 129 568 379.  Captain Roxamus
I love it so much it is so awesome I love it so awesome aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.
Fun add me 133 211 321
Cool..add me 579908282
495 041 788
896 586 200
Cool
Great game. Add me to your alliance. 917 105 970
Great fun.
Like the game a lot, down graded phone & it freezes to much, have to keep installing & uninstalling, stressful
Good game
Great game
Games is pretty cool! Add me 492-712-411
up if your downloading this for 350 app trailers points
USA 829-606-674 add and i will except great game
Fun game. Add me 107-053-216
984-139-620
Good
Good
Lovin it
Luv tha game 117663304 add me
i was only 19..
It's pretty good. I can't really complain, it's more than what I had played before and has decent graphics compared to one of it's competitors, world war. Now if I could just find some allies... Germany, accepting all, add me: 704-069-822 Don't expect too much of me though, I'm just starting out.
Caden
Caden
Its a great game
So far so good can't put it down add me 185 612 260
I eat this game alive
Very addictive...add me 273-809-411
good
Great strategic game
Would not let me place buildings after the first 2. Had issues loading. Fun, but not worth the trouble.
Very addicting, some what frustrating waiting for power boost and buildings to build but over all awesome game, add me please 735 324 254
The game is kinda slow but still a cool game I give it 5 stars
The game is kinda slow but still a cool game I give it 5 stars
Good... addicting
800091329
I geting it right the veideo looks so far!!!!!! Oh its done im playing it
Add me 459-504-160
Allies welcome...add me anytime..
596-843-115 add me! Really good game no flaws so far
Add me 508 665 367
I'm a female and I most say its Awesome. Lol give it a try.
very good and addictive! job well done on this one I'm not a huge gamer but can't seem to put this one down....works perfectly on my s3..
So cool
A lil slow on makeing money to build and do the operations but its a fun twist to sim city and its addicting
Very addicting! Play all the time! Add me 255 695 086
add me 520-058-388 cause its a fun and addictive game
Game is great, not too money reliant if you have the patience for this kind of game.
My id- 984 090 762
Plz add 522 686 179
great game 563 348 901 add me
Great
lol i cant stop winning and its so addicting. Graphs arnt bad but could be better, HD *wink wink*. But it is highly addictive and i cant stop going to my phone every 5 mins. Add me to your ally! 431-504-236
Brings every player to challenge their patience and strategy to advance. Excellent!
Really fun smashing bases! Add 377 874 047
Sick game. I have on my iPhone and on my tablet.
Great game! 997967876
Great game
850-235-617 daily player
Add me 2 ur alliance 839 521 255
Add me 353-033-095 Great game
Great game. I play all the time. NEED allies. Pls add 852-400-394
Like the game and im goin for level9000 add me:       852 400 494
Fun and Addicting game add me. Play it daily. Add me 307-209-023
Great game no problems just need more allies 857 481 816 Oh yeah I have a lot of good weapons
Its a great game. Just need some allies! Add me, 779-512-537.
Just nice!!!!!
Just nice!!!!!
Fun game keeps u thinking
Good game kinda addictive
Game is addicting!!! 956-380-610 ally me
Great game, passes the time, add me 687 517 243
Add me 277-751-487
442-664-105
My code is 904~568~739
This  is cool
Add me 275311623
good game but i needz me sum allies. add me 314-210-289
Need faster load time I have a four g phone will accommodate
Add me 722645165
Add me 472728087
love it ...
Super fun
Super fun
That's all I can say lol
Awesome game
Great game!! So far running smoothly add me...613966594
This game keeps my attention accept when building things or letting my energy restore not very time consuming but it keeps bringing me back!
Ok
This game is great no errors nothing bad about it I need some allies my ID is 527-275-248
Great game. Need more allies. Add me up
Good
So far great game.
259-598-197
Great game woo hoo
Great game hope it  dosent end up like crime city tho :-)
Mad game minor lag add me  733 -207-411
Everyday player add me please.
Brilliant game
add me 932 915 548
KOOL GAME FOR A CELL PHONE ... ALWAYS PLAYING ...  ADD ME ID #  316-529-547
Add me 318-584-096
Its so cool
Really cool....
wonderful game. Add me 452-159-426
Normally hate these games but this one is sick
Love it
Love it but please let codes be for andriods too
If u wont1000 gold add this cheat 984 348 676
Takes to long to make $ ,but I am addicted..please fix bugs ,keeps forcing game closed
Add me 157 844 159
This is a really cool game and you can add me to your alliance, my ID # is 572-577-839.
love this game! Add me!
Its a pretty cool game :)
Nice war game
Just like Crime City, but with a military theme! Add me - 581-774-683
Very addicting game!
Fun game. Add me pls. 889 515 636
118036243 good game add me I play daily
Really great game, can't get enough. Your gonna need allies. My ID is 952-445-822
I love playing it
It is very fun to play I like it
It is very fun to play I like it
Together we can unite the world! 832-168-584
Need allies!!!!!! Add 720-642-416
Love it!
Awesome game. Daily player. Add me 723-347-295
Awesome game. Daily player. Add me 723-347-295
Love this game add me
Good way to waste time. 991-865-789. Add me
Great game, addicting and good graphics! :)
Please add 566  033 474
Awesome 321-634-418
Looks like fun, add me. 143 834 886
This is how war game is sopose to be like 5 STARS  from me
Good
Love it.194 463 627
I love this game. Play it all the time now.
This is a great game
cool game have a few issues with graphics going away and some freezing but that is few and far between     add me to your growing army    419-632-441
Definitely check it out, if u do add me as an allie .. ID # 139-674-470
Good game. You can advance without having to spend real money. Add me 525-722-226
Really fun and addictive add me i accept everyone  737 148 764
ITZ ON & POPPIN MAN UP  (((924-221-248)))
Awsome
Good game need more allies add me 549-319-733
Add me 522435140
Probably the best combat game on play as far as non-shooter style. Add me for more allies: 137-152-364 I'll pass you along to others!
Add me 492142999
Nice way to pass the time.  Add me so we can buddy up & whip sum a$$!  469 956 794
Nice game to kill time. Add me 362-644-301
Friend me at 449 143 248
Addicting... Add me: 874-551-415
Fun if u have alot of time  to spare
Very well done.
Ads aren't there game play is fun.  Good graphics and lots of content
Great game really  cool
Great game really  cool
Great game really  cool
Add me 956 189 946
so far its cool no big issues add me 618 870 168
so far its cool no big issues add me 618 870 168
Great game need allies please add me!! 786-322-123
Just Dowloaded this game and I LOVE IT!! Now I need some Allies so add me :) 228-714-132
Like the game highly addictive need a group to actually do good so please add me 317-315-926
Add me :)
So far nothing wrong with the game.
Gold
Daily player add me  592 780 146 awesome game man
I just started but keeping my at tension so far add me 683 111 479
Very addicting game. Need to build alliances to not get bullied by bigger players? Add me 472-671-976
good game just takes time but worth it and addictive
I might need some allies
love it just started playing . i downloaded it for coins on my game draw something i was going to delete it but started playing and kept it .download it ppl.
333-581-602 add me
467-023-764
Nice game
Add me I am new and getting off of crime city. 273 242 901
Cool
Amazing game add me please 145 041 602
I love the game, but its getting frustrating every time I try to leave my base the game freezes please fix I would love to continue on 278-034-524
Very fun and exciting love it!
Very fun and exciting love it!
Add me 763-028-594
Having fun but we all need help. Please add me. I'll do the same. 515-920-717 Thanks
build times and upgrades times are slow would be nice if you could build/upgrade at least 2 things at the same time.. add me 100-562-939
Very addictive. Love it
Very addictive game.  Few bugs but nothing that would make me stop playing. Add me as an ally please. 160-527-941
Very fun game and gives you something to do for a long time! Add me 930 350 171
Fun game to play and add me 672-018-420
Just started playing today,  and i love it.  addictive game and i need allies.  add me pls...534-835-151
ADD ME ! 973 412 495
GREAT GAME NEED A BIG ARMY ADD 553-611-601
my Alliance ID 165-705-925  Addictive game, build your own base and attack your enemies. It remind me the browser games but with real units.
Pretty cool game so far
Addicting
Its great. I have funevery timr I pk
Very nice war game...
Great game need allies 190576901
Amazing addicting game! Add me and we will rule!! 165-887-954
Great game but you should be able to upgrade 2 or more buildings at once.
Get the game, enough said
Good game like crime city add me. 504-832-126
Add me 295-315-595
Fun game that kills time! Add me to your alliance so we can dominate. 869-496-170
ADD ME accept every request, I play daily/hourly let's dominate! c(: 316 124 922 write on yr hand and add me ASAP, PLEASE
ADD ME accept every request, I play daily/hourly let's dominate! c(: 316 124 922 write on yr hand and add me ASAP, PLEASE
Add plz 756 604 866
I love this game
Add me 128 863 483
Plenty of fun. Just slow if you don't want to sink a car payment into it. Add me 281 551 987
Add me will help as much as i can 8074075673
Great game!!! It's definitely additive, pls add 739 492 127
105206948
Cooooolllll
Looking for allies, add me --> 732-752-592
Well worth 5 Stars add me 491-885-254
Good game ad me 247792023
Other than the occasional freezing and need to reset, it's a fun game with good graphics for the phone. For army development and alliance please add me 809-049-263
Really good my id is 443 043 731.
Ever since I got it I cant stop playing!
One of the best games I ever played thankyou so much.
Good game very addictive add me 133-157-604 :-)
Good game. Great for extended toilet trips. Add me 912-467-619
It's a fun game with good stratgey
327-089-647 Great game!
Swee!
Really gd game. Addictive and gd graphics. Add me 573-778-623. Enjoy.  Also no need to spend real money on this game u will progress overtime no need for shortcuts
Play this game all the time
Find myself chomping at the bit for the next chance to raid an enemy. Add me 746942618
Great game add me 922-681-295
599-526-385 Hourly player,yup im addicted...allience size 153 and growing...need more allies so please add....excepting all request,no matter wut your level is
Good game, enjoying so far. Add me  339-807-134
Awsome enuff said
I am now addicted to this game because it is so much fun! Add me 260-096-617
937 196 280.  Great game
937 196 280.  Great game
This game is super fun , pretty limitless on what you can do .,you don't have to go one way , you can always switch  Aka infantry or air etc Anyway add me  596-170-716 Play daily  Pretty high up there Already paid like 50 bucks
Good game, need allies to do missions so add 843-833-053
Awesome game, very hard to put down. Add me.
Really enjoying this game, addicted! On every day add me 652.356.668
Awesome game. Please add me 507 358 449. I accept all.
Awesome game!!
853987411
This game is addictive
It sticks ssometimes when going to other bases..need inventory to arrange base..better than most games like this..more to do than click a button & talk trash
It sticks ssometimes when going to other bases..need inventory to arrange base..better than most games like this..more to do than click a button & talk trash
Awesome game
484076146
Add me 682-917-974
Not too bad. My first war game. Please add me   571-120-557
The game is great the only draw back is that u can only upgrade or build one thing at a time.  Need more allies add me 582-234-093
Add me
Its the best
Its the best
+++++•ADD•++(307)(595)(103)+++++++Bomb game finnaky took it to the level does lag on laoding....sometimes rather than that great game save some time write everybodys game id number and add add add
It passes time and fun to play. Add me 379-072-879
Is a very nice game, i need more alliances, add me at 816-542-936, thanks.
This game is amazing add me 970-459-808
Enjoying the game loads, still getting the hang of it, its worth downloading it... Add me: id 576-900-784
Loads of.fun
Took me a little while to get into, but its pretty addictive :)  Add me using 555 673 643
cooles game ever
Add me daily player here. 362-101-726
Great game
Its a good game I like it. But I need more allies add me 865-523-092
491-700-146. We can rule everything together!! ;)
Add me 481-925-038
Cool game
Awosome game even you did not want to close it.it contains high graphics and maps most enjoy full game...
Cool game!!
Awesome
love this game. need allies.
Sweet better than crime city boosters
Its an awesome game dont get me wrong but u cant actually transfer accounts from ipod to phone like wtf any help? Great game though
This is the best game I've had for free!!!!! Please add me my I.D is 125-154-536. Well have fun. ;)
Ads and pay to progress fast is irritating. Game crashes  on a regular basis
Very nice
good game I enjoy playing it... but have to keep reinstalling the as it keeps freezing add me 733 855 500
960840185 add me
Looking for the best of the best to add me to your team i got your back my id number is [ 779-433-401]    I wont let you down...... Thank you and God Bless
Slow to advance and some things are to much or want you to spend money but other than that it's a cool game add me i except everyone 406 221 154
Great.
Good hhfv bgddvbgt
Add me 469 490 046  On all the time
Add me 441-167-793
I usually check it multiple times a day.  A lot like Crime City except with a military
Good game but cpuld use like a roulette wheel or somethig that gives you a chance to get gold money or ways to speed up builds.... Which would be nice if builds werent so long add me 878 183 221 i need new allys
Excellent
Love this game, add me please 466 999 134, I accept everyone
Add me 502 556 112 Its really additive. :-)
Fun to play and one can playbwith out paying
Add me! I accept all!
Great game but look at how much money they have in the preview pics
Need allies...please add me 624-415-465 :) daily player...looking for alot of allies all will be accepted
Fun game,free money if you visit allies,you know my name,here's my number 671-399-527
This game is fun and addicting. Add me 579-129-258 thanks!
Good game with good graphics. Allies important add 205-939-313
Y not soon
Y not soon
Love the game real high tech
Add me 493-408-676
Awesome game loads of fun 317-528-288
enjoy;-)
Awesome! Entertainment for hours........add me 124-458-623
This game looks good and plays better...
Can't stop playing!!!
I'm a daily player! Please add new player->802-882-682!
Add me 713515234
Good game
Add 994-739-133 need pplz will accept everyone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Awesome fun game! Wish there was an easier way to obtain energy though.  Add me 408-497-790 as your ally.
This is a lot like mafia wars 2, if you like that game, you'll like this one! Add me! My code is 651 401 313
Love action
Just started playing. Will be a daily thing. 262-986-017
This its a real good game.I really recommend it. Here is my ally code 209 435 562. get more allies and get more awesome stuff
Good game! Add me!
Good game. Add me 333-508-512
Great ways to get revenge. Lol
Awesomeness
Great game!!!!
Ydick
great graphics great fx everything is brilliant
Very gd n cool game 2 play.
Love it
Love it
Use me as an ally. 455-837-165
Add me
This game is so fun. I can't stop playing it.
Pretty fun game add me as ally 543 981 898
Just wish u could get more free gold :)
126-151-658
Please add me. 513374916 thanks
Please add me. 513374916 thanks
Hours of enjoyment
Sooo addictive
Sooo addictive
Addictive
Love this game I would download it again and again ....
Addictive good game
Awesome
Cool game
Add me :) such a good game
Good
Great game add me 842 060 135
605-814-464
Great game, add me to your alliance
I like it no complaints!!!
Great game, addicting
Like dino wars+storm8. Just slightly better. Still good though.
Rate for coins. I actually really like it!
1cool game reccomend
<!
Add me. 646 285 923
784 066 837. Great game play several times a dayadd me so we can get stronger together
Seems like a cool game, just gets time consuming as you get further into it due to waiting for upgrades and sta/energy. Please add me 690-979-181, thank you!
Pretty addictive. Add me 422 107 543
Good fun... Ally up with me 323-269-693
Add me plz 392998038
Good game
ill help any1 just add trying to get much allys as i can
hello hello the guns
kill dem kill dem
Awesome must have game
Not bad. No reason not to give 5 stars. Add me 324-238-239
Slow at times but fuo
join us and post your ID with ours! ADD YOUR ID# 608.907.800    599526385 497240304 711813411 821657037 908889478 580698731 952638325 501895370 537636221 784379162 483907868 727659167 285438963 501692647 901778911 147258984 915827681 694691616 915827681 679055316 740525388 401601703 937598848 127355939 494407179 234310396  586003220   931090151  695638037  200823234  193974566  987212370  363020201 400113051 448645527  948412675  186449806  971112847  919736760  283978280  892773200 235343836  762942966  835678493  235180771 562936272  252363697 270268504 681794784  523326070 867086820 332339090  Step 1. add these ids - you're welcome.  Step 2. Copy and paste this message to 20 players ranked higher than yourself.  Step 3. After a few days Wake up to 30, 40 etc requests each day as your recruits join us and post on 20,40,60,80 etc walls! G 608 907 800	join us and post your ID with ours! ADD YOUR ID# 608.907.800    599526385 497240304 711813411 821657037 908889478 580698731 952638325 501895370 537636221 784379162 483907868 727659167 285438963 501692647 901778911 147258984 915827681 694691616 915827681 679055316 740525388 401601703 937598848 127355939 494407179 234310396  586003220   931090151  695638037  200823234  193974566  987212370  363020201 400113051 448645527  948412675  186449806  971112847  919736760  283978280  892773200 235343836  762942966
Vxhdi
Uh I cant even finish the first part of the game becuz I cant see the tank but its looks like a awsome game
Found out if you add this friend code too get a great bonus. 741-395-102
Good game, no problems for me. Add me 664-670-730 strong base and force!
Nice game like crime city. Although devs need to work on balancing, it's a fun and great way to spend time. Add me as ally: 431  074 952
ssss
Add me
Add me
Dropping bombs all day! Great game, it runs great and I'm having a blast PVPing.
965194757
ok worth it
Fun game I accept all. 721-760-142
Cool game. Add me 170-456-814
Add me   657 198 489
Good RPG That is based on military. Kinda slow sometimes but works great to keep me busy! Download and add me! 559-488-515
It is definitely the best war game ever.
544-137-276
Good game..please add 424-975-215
A very cool game I play for hours my id is 763 763 539
Fantastic love this game 10 out of 10
Fun game. Very fast loading and enjoyable game play. Add me 662009540
Fun and addicting!  Add me 539-610-245
502-829-844
It great! Addictive.
None
It  is a good game
Game is pretty cool build your own army and the 3D effects is pretty cool to.
Neat fun game might be slow sometimes but pretty addicting add me 359-099-367
Nice military action
Cool
Wonderfully Designed + User Friendly. I am an active player. Add both me ( 472-327-865 ) and my buddy ( 919-400-277 )
Hi this is a good game add me at 659-325-155 this is my friend code in the game add me
Its cool
Its cool
If you played Mafia wars on Fb its kinda the same but still fun and a good game to help you get through a slow day. Add me 895-342-561.
So far  I love this game. Its a good way to pass the time every once and a while. If you want you can add me. My id# is 952-556-729. Im online daily
MAN AWESOME GAME
I got 42 allies you Add me I help you
Awesome game need more allies. Add 805-455-675
Really enjoying it
The game is sick!!!!!
Great game!  Takes time,  but a lot of fun to play!
947 601 067 add me. I m over level 50
Join me! We will rule together! 934-043-523
Add me 983 017 296 only just started but seems ok
Cool
584 040 146
best hand ever
Nice :-)
Great game cat stop playing. My alliance code is 420-743-489
The best
Yhcu
Great game, and really addicting! Please add me as your ally and we can rule the world together! =D 879-833-978
I am a daily player, and will help
802990801
283 073 644. Nice twist on the crime city game.More dynamic! Seems to freeze play a lot in a new droid.
I absolutely love this game very addictive  if you need a alley add me 447 606 537 .
good game
add me 145-912-106 fights won-81 and rising. lost 10
Excellent game. Very addicted
Awsome game 882 325 986
this is the most best and coolist app ever ;-)             aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaazzzzzzzzzzZZzzzzzzzzzzzzziiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn nngggggggGgggggggggggg
I am a big fan of war sims and this is the BEST one I have found for my Droid. I only attack people for missions not out of spite. I'll add anyone who wishes to expand their allies. Let's rule the world together ;) Add me = 962-834-414
Great game pretty addictive add me at 634 839 265
969-353-735
Add me 615   062  896
Add me 615   062  896
Add me 615   062  896
Great game, addicting and good graphics. :)
looks nice
Good fun so far, lovely graphics, and not spoiled by advertising.  You can spend real money to get ahead faster, but you don't need to as long as you have a little patience - and adding allies helps - so I'm happy to accept allies - my ID is 112-601-362.
The game is good and cool but plz do anything to give us gold
Accepting all requests 601 010 961
Like SimCity but with military battle and allies. Add me 970-463-137
Good game. Well made. Just remember NOT to spend all the gold initially!!! Cash you can make more, but not gold. Add me as your ally and visit my base to earn $1000!   315-474-459
Very good gamre!   Add 835-615-896 for big alliance power!
It's a really nice game and i'm waiting for some updates to be better. My ID is: 795-711-583
I've been kinda addicted since I downloaded it check it at least once a day. Add me 993-583-648
Great and fun game, always something to do !  Im on frequently add me on 316-902-226
334 096 749
748-356-167
Best game ever. I've been playing for over 6 month on one of those iPod things and i can't put it down. Thoughts, some of the events that happen later in the game are too difficult or interrupt normal play. Would be nice to earn or buy gold with game money.
Great game. Kills hours of time.
Great game. Kills hours of time.
need more allie  add me 579 646 394
This is the like button
♡it so much fun a few glitches but what game doesn't have a few :-D
Add I have a lot of friends and I'm strong I play everyday!!!! No joke :D 579248748
best effects ever
Its just like crime city but more fun and add.       242 307 597 I need more alliances for USA
Good details
Game is well built around base expanding and allies. Sure the ingame items r expensive but u can manage to increase power with time. Please add me ^^ 604 833 348
.... I just download this  for credits from parallel mafia
.... I just download this  for credits from parallel mafia
Good the names frost raid me your soldier goes back to his base in a fukin box
Add me 279-546-855
Add me 279-546-855
Cool games
Its alright
All i do is me, masterbation
Very addicting, really fun, but can get expensive if you want to build quicker and get ahead,, buy overall is really great to pass time:) 698 756 736
Add me 794 427 553
Add Me!  443-798-931
Pretty amazing game other than the highly tedious upgrading and building. Gold skip prices and gold in general are waaaaay too high
Addictive
I add all 868940940
Love the game is a little slow but better then crime city add me id is 657-497-209
Good game, add me...613-344-954.
Add 868-678-344 & 960-835-041 we play all the time and know big numbers, win attacks and raids, if you have a small group, and are tired of losing just add us you'll increase your chance to win.  We'll accept anyone, just input #'s and add friend. Thanks, you'll be surprised.  This game is awesome and addicting!  We have Crime City #'s too 723-001-539 & 863-993-291 we accept all there also.
Add me i except every nation & level  Id : 509 424 288  Lets conquer the world lads !!!
So what if u can build or upgrade one at a time this game kicks azz add me  664 682 671
It is alsome
Awesome game....add me 233-321-305
275-296-032 add me!
This game is extremely addicting but you'll love it. Add me. 329 374 405
I love this game I have never had as much fun with any other phone game  ADD ME 323-863-307
Its so awsome but i have the same id as some person my id is 651-306-183	Precious
awesome game can you buy stars "I am the F,N,G.""F.N.G" Means "Fu*king,New,Guy" add allies   639658877 441025035 717591319 224449934 613398364        449387891 142495409 234411100 415192858 185304693  900923315 932580331 621160397 912809928 341140085  924474078 322535589 818778656 845668704 634384797  131654213 256293865 717732751 700497423 318883379  <add your>""I.D""Behind,mine."
Add me 618 532 628
Wish gold was cheaper though
Fun and colorful play a lot
Awesome game but i could use some allies and im sure you could too so add me! 678-300-767
Add Me Daily Player 157-425-097
I like it.
Awesome. Game. But 30mb file??? Really now
Awesome. Game. But 30mb file??? Really now
I like the game.
I absolutely love this game
Amazing game... add me as ally : 975 668 544
Thanks everyone for joining my alliance!
Thanks everyone for joining my alliance!
G8 game add me
238-005-334 love it.
238-005-334 love it.
Well good game
I wish I was famous..
My code is 175522447
I picked united kingdom instead of united states how can I change it.
So many ways to play and the results are endless.  Im very active, add me please 163-788-822
Its fun alot to play and stuff
Luv this game....not a muny grubber like crime city....add me..lets take over 750 824 202..thx guys
Its really fun u should get it
Its really fun u should get it
Add me! 224-514-211 Great! Fun game! Can't get enough of it!
Would honestly take 2 years to complete
Would honestly take 2 years to complete
Easy to play highly addicting add me my code is 842-510-617
Cant stop playing it..add me 265 011 925
907928727...add me as allie...daily player
For all of you commplaining its not the game its your device. I was at the verizon store useing a tablet and it flew threw screnes and I put it on my phone and had too download 2 and yes it was a hassal but well worth it and helpful hint the more allies you have the better you are.
Yeahhhhhhh
Add me 753-306-736. Daily player.
This is an awsome game
Awesome game.
I love it
Best
Awesome!!!!!!
At first I had the empression it would be completely like crime city but something about it kept my attention.
107 405 336
I like this game its cool and awesome.also I would like to play with people and conqer with them my ID is. 621-360-202
Awesome game like outwar with an rts mix
Awesome game like outwar with an rts mix
Cool game.  Add me. Crime city 382-612-888
Addictive game
Great game!! Add me my id is 477-503-875
Kooooôl
GREAT GAME
Cooler then crime city but didn't work all the time  537-877-828
i love this game so much add me to 184939706 for more fun and better chance of winning
Add 524 859 946
This is a fun game to play when you have some down time. Ally me: 808-347-968
The introduction pic is amazing, and it made me so eager to play it! Once it got to 80% loaded, it says it has an unknown error, please fix and ill rate again
Really cool
Active player.  492- 987 - 482
Ally 129 431 203
Game is awesome!!! Can't get enough of it. Just wish you didn't have to pay for so much.
Game is awesome!!! Can't get enough of it. Just wish you didn't have to pay for so much.
Good
2 thumbs up
Add me 881-544-133 I play every day
Modern War is an excellent game. I love it when you get to raid and attack rivals. One time I raided this guy and stole over $200,000. Anyway awesome game I give it two thumbs up. 604 563 959 add me and join forces.
I would be a good ally add me 580/277/735
outstanding game works great on my samsung galaxy 3
I can not wait 2 get home from work 2 play this game...how time flies when i am having fun...i have no problem with software n i am using my Samsung galaxy notebook...ENJOY
Played for around five minutes and I already love it! Great game I like this better than crime city. Good job!
This is Great my # is 719_818_
This is Great my # is 719_818_
Awesome some what strategy type game got time to waste trye it
Hi
Just doing it for the rp in  drag raceing
Wish they had roads or grassy areas
Great game
Good game
895436096
Its could be better freezes from time to time
Great game but it should have the scratchers like in crime city.
Sweet
Best game EVER!!!!:-P:-P:-P
Green
Not just your normal click and then the page refreshes. Your attack Planes actually fly overhead and drop bombs while creating explosions
Best game ever
Very good game
Love it!
864 539 039
I like this game but I wish it was faster and more involved like a first shooter game were I pull the triger
Trololol check my youtube channel.
Good game.
Awsome game worth the free download
I love this game
this game is awesome!!!
Its coo but..its kinda boo boo
Fun and easy. Add 887-743-925
This Game is Fun LOVE IT
Hey
Awsome
best game I play sense
Excellent
Add plz 167072033 play daily!
This is the best mobile game ever
Really good game, a bit sluggish every now and then but not too annoying. Gameplay good. Now just need some allies. User ID. 221-203-924.
One of the coolest games. GET IT!
Game wont load
Awesome game
Awesome game
Cool game!!!
I like
I played it for uh..'bout 7 minuets and crashed now its not responding...other than that,awesome 199 456 789
Good like crime city but has twists
Good like crime city but has twists
Sooo...cool...
Did it for coins Lmfao
Pangit lng
how do you get all these people. and how you get to get super base.
A step up from crime. Love it! Keep up the good work gree. Can't stop playing.
great
I play daily
How do i add friends?is there a seperate app like crime city?
Great game and tons of fun!
Just downloaded so far so good.  Add 666 654 234
Oh and who else was brought here from ssundee?
Top game
Great game so far
hot game
Bxbdbxbxbdcvx
Bxbdbxbxbdcvx
This game rocks
Fun game
This game is Awesome!
Hello
Very good takes point and time game to the next level
Nice game
Hshux
Lammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmme!!!!!!
Lots of fun
good
Great game.. need ally? 815 072 477
Entertaining game.  Does lag sometimes.  Need allies.  And me 868 876 262.
Play it often love the game!
Of all the games on Play Store this is one of the best out there!
Took a little time to get the idea, but now I love this game!
I likeeeeee
Great game! :)
Great game fun and challaging  had to force close two but i have had it for 3 days
Good
Many people don't know how coding android gaming works. And it is hard. I appreciate your work. Please make games like   // online //  Zombie games  Turret defence games  If u can make these games ur my all time favorite game makers for the android
Great game. I love building a base on heavy artillery. I just hate how ling it taked to build things. But still very good game
Good
Live it for work
This game is pretty awesome ..
Love it
Fix the glitches!
LOVE IT
LOVE IT
Love it 10-13 yrs old plss p.s ima girl
Crime City Military Style
Its alright :/ but to be nice ...ohh what the heck, here 5 stars :)
Good love it
Great game! I play consistently so ally with me 677 972 930! Combine and conquer!
Fun im level 10
Awesome
Awesome game.
It's great I always have it with me. I'm a hardcore gamer , my library consists of shadow gun, mass effect infiltrate, chaos,etc. It's really great!
Very good game could use some updates
Its kool man
Game is awesome except for having to pay for everything. 220_168_574 and 185_781_295
771 649 394
Add 912-549-083 and 736-897-344 and get bonus mob allies
Only lame thing is that the iphone has extra features like epic bosses and rankings
Uninstalled within the first 30 seconds. Slow and boring. Complete waste of data.
Like it
Guys this app is malicious. It corrups ur phone and restarts it and won't let u give it 1 star, it forces closes my phone so I had to give it 5 stars just to comment
Great game - sucks up a ridiculous amount of time. Freezing seems largely fixed here. Could do with a 'do you really want to use your gold bars?' option for the impatient screen pressers (me).
I lovve this game the developers have out done themselves
Good game to play
Addicting game. Join me 587-318-066.
Sewe
Add  me  472 588 991
No time for other game's!
One cool game
But same thing as crime city, just military style instead.
Games awsome but does freeze sometimes, and would like to see gold dropping off of boss battles or something like that
Great game I simply love it!
Very cool
Very cool
Good game
Good game
What can i say i love it so addictive good job
Iam so addicted.....
Iam so addicted.....
Iam so addicted.....
Good game
It was a good game!
I really hope that the game is really funny not just a rip off :D
Sweet
Its a good game
kwl fam
Nice game, you can really hav fun for such a low price
Nice game, you can really hav fun for such a low price
has me hooked.great game
has me hooked.great game
Lov
It was fun
It was fun
Great game app, love it
Good game, long term strategy, takes patience to level up and get better stuff.  Customer service is beyond reproach quick turn around on questions very helpful.  Gallaxy S III
But like it
Don game there
Don game there
Cool
Very good game
Very good game
Awesome game real addictive, not as realistic as was hoping but helped kill the time.
This game is so much FUN so many thing to do !
Join me
Like the game alot
;)
Epic
Good game
Help me!!! I love this game
It's great but it needs better camera quality.
some glitches tho....built 10 buildings all of a sudden 2 dissapear....can't click on them but if I move a building near them the area is still occupied by the invisible buildings
some glitches tho....built 10 buildings all of a sudden 2 dissapear....can't click on them but if I move a building near them the area is still occupied by the invisible buildings
IT'S THE BEST!!!!!!!!
805830226
Excellent. Graphics
Awsome
Better than crime city!
Better than crime city!
When I sall the video I thot it wasnt good thay good wen I played it awsome
805-830-226 Add now!
805-830-226 Add now!
662 207 059  Good game, have this on iPad, nice app to waste a few minutes on every day :)
Great fun easy to play cant wait to work out harder levals
Great fun easy to play cant wait to work out harder levals
Great fun easy to play cant wait to work out harder levals
Love it
Good game I think I'll keep this one
Very addictive!
Freezes too much. But awesome game. need allies. add please. Go Cubs Go
Join me... Still a newbie, but ive got 850 allies ;) lets make a HUGE army. fast acceptance and welcome ALL! Plus $1000 for visiting my base
K
Great game
BEST GAME EVER FOR MY PHONE! At first I thought it was gonna be like my other apps (war game, mafia game ect.) Where u don't physically do anything. That's why I love this game cause u get to do A LOT! If I could give it about one billion stars I would!
BEST GAME EVER FOR MY PHONE! At first I thought it was gonna be like my other apps (war game, mafia game ect.) Where u don't physically do anything. That's why I love this game cause u get to do A LOT! If I could give it about one billion stars I would!
Even though im a girl,this game is addicting for me.Please add 790-075-371. I need allies.
Its a great game so far
like
Amazing
When it comes to games like this its ask about how much u can do without spending los of money an modern war offers u endless ways to play an not have to spend a dime.. It just may take some time to climb the later be patient an u will move up great game I also recommend crime city
super
"Wow what a awesome game..."
Cool!!!!!!!!!:-):-):-);-)
This is hands down the best game I have found in the market. It lags but I'm more sure it's due to my phone itself not the game.
How fun this game is is really fun Android I haven't played it...almost downloaded..
Was a good game(:
This game is the best game I have ever played!!!
Love. This game. Join the 199th.
860 -068- 126 lets work together..... I need u like a desert needs water
Very fun game, will accept everyone who adds(:
962 059 678 USA
939 795 652 all US accepted
Xnizhdizn
Great game. Love it.
Associated
This game is great
This game is great
Can't stop playing! I'm a MODERN WAR JUNKIE! Best phone app game around. My absolute favorite in years!
Not bad
Good game
Awsome!
Awsome!
I love the gameplay
goodgame
Play all the time hit me up
Play all the time hit me up
Need to fix audio
No comment
Please add!!  521-097-410
Good one
Fun
Way better than Crime City.
Awesome addicting game! Add 709-552-131
Awsome game need allies add 419 967 322
Very good like it on android and apple
I love this game!:)
I love it even if im a girl lol
Ive  alredyv  raded  20  pepole
Love this game
Would have given full stars if the request for in game credits were a little less costly.
Doesn't allow player to play long enough before needing to get more energy.
Holy crap, this game is awesome
100-875-264 join my alliance we will dominate the fight like USA should
This game is great.
Add 715 229 603 & 567 000 505
Fun game, am now totally addicted, add 558-363-121 to your allies :-)
I am officially addicted to this game!
The title says it all.
The title says it all.
I give five stars
I give five stars
Cool game. Need allies. Please add. :D. 818-250-938
This game really gives you the full military experience I'd recommened this game to anyone
If you like crime city you will love this app
JUST DOWNLOAD IT
Play
really fun
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
This is a cool game
Whens the pc version
Great game, can't seem to put it down!! Please add..916 894 759
Awesome
I am the great General Aladeen the Russian Dictator join my alliance so we may Conqour the world! 312576055
I am the great General Aladeen the Russian Dictator join my alliance so we may Conqour the world! 312576055
Its a kool game on google play but a lot better on ipod or iphone have a lvl 60 on ipod keep the update coming
Must have app for the android really addictive n fun to play
Nice game
I first gave it 4 * but once you advance past the 3rd days progression.
I first gave it 4 * but once you advance past the 3rd days progression.
#1 rating...
Sucked -Big time -uninstalled after 5 minutes.  Amazed Infinity Ward haven't sued for copyright infringement for this pile of c**p
Its easy to understand and simple to navigate.
Lookup
Can't put the game down,  literally and critically,
Cool.y
One of the best  game on the market.
An awesome game all around
Now Gemmie gold
Addicting
So cool !
If u like war games then download this game. One of the best on the market
Really good
Plz lower the prices for unit and I never have enough money to buy a unit to kill someone
Awesome. Come join the fight. 715 899 545
Class
Awesome game.
Addictive
I will accept Everyone and anyone doesn't matter what level or nation you are i'll accept. id: 849 147 325. Im a definite ally so no doubt of me rejecting you!
472-706-724
Good game
Just a little laggy but the game is sick from a true gamer
Great game. Love it.
Cool game
This game is my life
I love this game
awrsone game.
Adds me 654 454 881
Plzadd 524-256-331 ty letz kill  some nuggaz
Best game ever
Exceptional... loving it
so far i really like this game...looking for allies send me an ally request all will be accepted....daily player here...878-341-299
Love it. Great animations for attacks
ESrddderdnrfrrtrefefftdzdx rcddddxrcc xevcdxxxd ccdrcff crxx rxdrxcxcxdxdxdrfxxxccxxxccxxxdxxxxxxdrfxr	Edrzzrdrr5ddfcexdxdddffccdddccdrxxxcrdxddxdfd rcccfcdcc  cccdjxxexcxrc
ESrddderdnrfrrtrefefftdzdx rcddddxrcc xevcdxxxd ccdrcff crxx rxdrxcxcxdxdxdrfxxxccxxxccxxxdxxxxxxdrfxr	Edrzzrdrr5ddfcexdxdddffccdddccdrxxxcrdxddxdfd rcccfcdcc  cccdjxxexcxrc
Grat game, works very well on my phone
Just wanted the crystal for empire defense. ;)
Watch giving code to vips, there are hackers that will ruin your game. Am lvl 10 raided every 5 hrs by lvl 19 no help from funzio and can't start over
Watch giving code to vips, there are hackers that will ruin your game. Am lvl 10 raided every 5 hrs by lvl 19 no help from funzio and can't start over
This is the coolest game ever
Lots of fun but try not to waste money
I like potatos!
I like potatos!
This is a great game. My I'd is 117825498.
Richmond
I played on my iPhone back in March and just found if on here the other day so I downloaded it again. The thing is if I kill the app instead of just hitting my home button, the timers for my money don't count down. It'll be 5 stars if they fix it
I played on my iPhone back in March and just found if on here the other day so I downloaded it again. The thing is if I kill the app instead of just hitting my home button, the timers for my money don't count down. It'll be 5 stars if they fix it
Love this game!
This is awesome. Win my friend mentioned it to me i got it to me i got it. I give it 5 stars.
This is awesome. Win my friend mentioned it to me i got it to me i got it. I give it 5 stars.
This is awesome. Win my friend mentioned it to me i got it to me i got it. I give it 5 stars.
Fun game!!!
Blindeys
Very good game
Best addicting game i ever played.
Great game join me 277 380 358
Best game I played
Add 257-018-835.
Add 257-018-835.
Good work
Lets conquer the world
This game ROCKS!     very addicting...
927..167..673
Although there are some "problems" with this game its still great. Ive waited for a game like this for ages. Im sure you will improve the game hopefully ;)
This game blows
Awesome game
Lags here and there but its a great game.
BUY IT NOOOOOOOOOW! IT'S THE BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
BUY IT NOOOOOOOOOW! IT'S THE BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The game  got me  in da Coast Guard Auxilary
Great addictive game
I fap a lot
Sweet
...
JUST like Crime city tight!!!
JUST like Crime city tight!!!
Best game ever
Been playing this awesome game for a month. This should have this kind of game more.
down side is wait time when building.
I add everyone 587 289 172
I add everyone 587 289 172
I've been hooked on it for weeks and can't stop add 928-942-051
Excellent game!
Great
Awsome game I enjoy playingthis game it has ups and downs sometimes!
I like it...helps me burn time when I am waiting...can be addictive
999-114-625
Just got it. Its a fun free game! Kickin *ss in mutyplayer. If u can get it get it.......................thats all :-)
Gbc
I love mw
Awesome
AgwretsaumzveZ links vs   ebb cabs
Good on HD phones..
I like it better then crime city
Too slow. I mean the download and the overall game. Could be one of the best otherwise.
This game is awsome
Cool game:)
Cool game:)
Awesome online games but a little bit lag but still rate 5 star
Nice
Beat app ever.
Extremely fun and addictive
All nations and any level are more than welcome to join forces with me I am a daily player 100 % addicted join me. 785 857 348
Cool.
awesome.great graphics
New to modern war n crime city
645-489-624
JOIN THE STRONGEST ARMY. !  851 740 371
Yihjjg  Huh   Ghhhh
I like this one
Sorry i was really mad because i lost everything but im back 167 331 289 pls add u guys awesome :)
Fun war game!!!...
Fun 2 play
Great game luv
Best game try fixing it and would make it way better
Great game please add
This game is no lie the  most addicting game I have ever played definately download it its worth it
Siiick
Just downloading for the My Vampire Boyfriend cash but I will still rate it 5 stars ^.^
797-957-230
797-957-230
Raw
great game  guys love it on all the time post my #latter need more aliyles
Great game.. Daily player plz add... 484-591-878
Awesome and addicting
Like it lots.
Great
Really enjoy this game,  it is very addictive. A few bugs but updates keep making it better!
Really enjoy this game,  it is very addictive. A few bugs but updates keep making it better!
Love this game so far.  It passes time.  Crashes every now and then on droid razor.  Join me so I can get this Jon guy taking everything from me.  Thanks.
game but it keeps locking up on me
Okkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk;kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooookkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
it is awesome
Good game
If I was into war games. But need coins for game and not getting them
best phone game ever
gud
Very nice and i know it workes he loves google.
Add 180 114 211
Works perfectly on android!
Great game
Best game i have played in a while XD
GREAT GAME ADD PLEASE  976 059 232
Not to good of  a game
Fun and cool
Great game
reda
go to menu, click add allies, and enter 893-873-221 for bonuses!
Very addictive game
Great game
440-202-873
Hello
Wicked game
Kms Axa
Awesomest game ever
It would be a lot more better if things recharged and such much faster.. Other than that, its great!
Gr8 game
Good
I love da graphics n sounds so real
Everyone come join the winning alliance. No request refused#935/971/978
Luv it
I love it and add 133-825-367
Helps during down time.
I like it
794 209 694
Napa
Its like real war ill give 120 bucks for it
Better animation and effects.  Seems more stable also with fewer crashes.    Allie(add) me 270-371-350.
Better animation and effects.  Seems more stable also with fewer crashes.    Allie(add) me 270-371-350.
This game is sick wit it
Badass
Awesome !!!!
Fun game
Great app
Cool game but bad graphics
Lg optomist  Cool
Reminds me of Empire, etc. I'm not only a daily player. I continuously check my base. Only way to advance on this game. Looking for more allies. Here's my I'D: 846:920:280
Awsome game
The is a nice
get it
Fun game. Addictive
All illuminati conspirators, join me. 870-271-646
I need my fellow Americans to join arms with me asap pls add 764245395, o and its a pretty kool and addicting game it does freeze here and there.
Love this game
Once you get the basics !Superb game play great  graphics
Its great
Best game ever
Best game ever
Love war games
Good
Best game
Love this game...709-671-974
Top game
Addictive game!!!! Add 227-099-059  And 787-873-638
I need allies my ID is 504-955-837 just starting out
Good
This game is asome
Excellent refill is to slow!
This is nice game
nice game
Fhsghxfv
Perfect war game!! 265-996-264
Good game
Fun cool game.   Good time taker.
This is so cool
Best game ever
Same concept as crime city,but military style.very addictive.I add everyone! 350593965
Great, but I'd rate 5 stars if there was a way to earn gold
I like and enjoy this game
Fun. No balance to attacks. Cleaned out by people who outrank you all the time. No chance. add 195-020-837
693-448-774
Fun game! But gets boring for a while
Not a bad game, need allies! 679-375-974
Brilliant and amazing
523-475-863
I play hourly!!
488-751-995
One of the greatest games i started playing but i think there shoukd be easier ways to get gold n money or make it to where u can swap yo money for some gold or something but i love they game
Alot like crime city with some upgrades. Join me 808161952
Good game
Cool game add 255 224 696
I love this game. Pls join my army :-) 477 037 825 level 25+ .With low level lear to play .its not hard to level
Addictive
Wish it had like actual battle effects..like guns firing n stuff
Great game no problems. Sony xperia u
Great. It's a very good game.
I like this gamep
But some time's it won't let me go on :/
Good game
Ad me 811 978 251
Best game ever even though I lost tons of fights
Still don't like having to buy gold to get ahead
Can you make it more like the version on apple
Can you make it more like the version on apple
Can you make it more like the version on apple
Loooovvvvveeeeee it.
Excellent game
Iluv itplayn it makez me wanna play it longr:-)
Awesomeness
Great
Try it.. U wont regret..
Bhjkjj Ghh
I havent play it soo yea
Awesome
Its a good game butt you shouldnt have to pay for gold.
Keeps force closing!!!
you new?   add 878 139 488  I have over 97  people.  I will add anyone.  Come on brother or sister.  be protect now
Not bad for a phone game
Awsome game. I just cant figure out why the small decorations take up so much space. PLEASE FIX THAT!_
This Jabber greatest game that I have ever played
Good game please add triptychz - 458 932 497 all welcome.
Great game fun and great for those who dont have al;t of time to play a game nonstop
This game kicks Chuck Norris in the balls with ease.
Hffffj
Hffffj
Y
Y
Dont even try.it they want to suck you dry.
Great game !!!  640-915-025
Addicting
OK games..
Fun game, great way to pass the time! Write down and add yo allies, everyone needs more!  220-051-042
Love it
I will add everyone!! :-)
Five stars
Awsome game
Great application
Great application
Good game lot of fun easy way to pass the time send me hey ally request 996778037
Invite please, need larger alliance. Together we shall infect everyone with aids! 765-881-895
656-646-341 I love this game so much so addicting
I need this game just long enof to get my gems
I need this game just long enof to get my gems
Cool
Cool
The game is fun, but it is unfinished. Areas dont load and some buildings cannot be built. I wish Funzio would actually care about what they release.
The game is fun, but it is unfinished. Areas dont load and some buildings cannot be built. I wish Funzio would actually care about what they release.
This game is fun
Download and play
Awsome
Very additive
Good
Great
everthing is all about buying upgrades, chill out
Sucks
Sucks
Cool game 563-875-666
I love this game I cant stop playing it some times right now just moving on to the next levels of this game and seeing my avator on my phone and thank you for reading In.
To arms united we stand
Please add
I like it.
Cool game
Hgffhgggggg
5star stratify
Greeat
792-331-610.  Looking to build my allience.
Fun. And. Good grahics
Fun. And. Good grahics
919 188 616
It's a very fun game. Enjoy it! Download it!
Just make time leas
Great game..please add 740-790-675
Te ventates
Great concept and good graphics. Just started and need allies from any nation. I.D. is 144-672-025.
Great concept and good graphics. Just started and need allies from any nation. I.D. is 144-672-025.
Add. Great game
Game
This is a great game
112-571-413          on every day playing I have a strong army USA
Firstly, consider this fact. I am not into these type of games (games were you are forced to spam your Facebook friends in the hopes they will spend money on...well nothing!) I am an avid gamer. I enjoy almost any genre of games simply because I appreciate the developer's spin on game mechanics. This takes no strategy and I for one had NO fun clicking on units just to be told "get more points by providing more emails that we can maliciously target". This is NO GAME.
Excellent
Cool game
Cool game
See I would have already put more than 50 dollars  into this game just because that's the type of person I am. But this game glitches way too much my game glitches probably close to 10 times a day and it is super stupid that you can only build 1 building at a time and some stuff should be cheaper or easier ways to get money and for some reason I can never put down a shipyard it always stays red this game has a lot of problems.  but is by far the best game for smartphones it just needs a update asap
Awesomr
Ally 686-897-722 -- great game.
670 279 275
Ddfghvzc
Awsome
Great game
Not a bad way to kill some time.   Add ally: 634-185-600
great!
Awesome
I rally like it
This game sucks. I used to like crime city but now it sucks cause it's boring.
just like crime city but better with awesome graphics and animation
just like crime city but better with awesome graphics and animation
Very fun game. Need allies 128-250-698 plz add
442574735 join me!
Awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The best
.....
.....
FBI vvhbj
Really fun
Awesome
Big fan of crime city and this is a nice
This game is so awesome u should buy it!!!!!!!!!!
Ccfhh
Good game, looking for allies 929-369-859 daily player
Just wish you had a way of making and or taking gold. Money is TIGHT.
Just wish you had a way of making and or taking gold. Money is TIGHT.
Fun for free. Do it
Iran is best.
Awesome game
This game is totally cool  Being able to build an  army from scratch. Cool
Need a few more strong allies...new or old I'd like ur help. 992-959-577
