Excellent app works on Samsung nexes s i9020
Good but setup of main screen could be better but other than than that pretty good
Sucks
Won't. Scan
Hard to scan some qr codes.
Great
The QrScanner free app worked so much better than this one. This one didn't read anything from the get go
I uninstalled this and went for QR BARCODE SCANNER cos this one wouldn't read a barcode and the other one would
Why on earth do you need to read my contact info AND my browser history? This has to be the worst app ever.
Your permissions are bullshit. Uninstalling.
Doesn't work on Jelly Bean 4.1.1
Didn't work , took forever to scan
I only just started using this app recently,yes I know I'm late. Turns out though that it's incredibly easy and anyone can use it.
Pls have an update for ICS
Came pre-installed with the phone. Is rarely able capture a code. Kept it on the phone because of the clock which was just a nice size but that has now frozen for the second time. Will be removing the app as i have now found a much better scanner that works every time
I have a brand new HTC EVO and this QR reader barely worked on my phone. It took forever trying to read the code then it wouldn't give me any information back. #HatedIt!
Its scaning very bad, sometimes doesn't scan, or show the wrong page
Works well
got sick of waiting minutes to finish the scan.. got other app, done in 2 secs max...
....by other Apps (by other people).  For example ..Att code reader......QR Barcode Scanner.    Therefore serves no purpose as a generated.   Reader works fine.
Won't even start
Crashed second time i used. Couldnt make it open again. Crap
Garbage. Uninstall.
Garbage. Uninstall.
poor
Its pointless I have galaxy s n it wont let me update n all my phone does is waste internet telling me I have a update but I cant even update it sort it out or ill have to uninstall
This app does not use australia  pricing and is completely usless.freezes non stop as well.
Very good okay
I noticed when i went to share a pic from my gallery,there was all the normal options such as share via Bluetooth or facebook. Then i saw a huge section of chinese symbols! Like maybe 30 secs worth of scrolling. I bet u can guess which app was the culprit. Uninstalled
Warning! If you use this program DO NOT UPDATE! Latest update brings you bugs and some of features stop working. Thanks god i have 5.1 version backup. They were the best, now they turned into baggy, lack of functions software. Also support don't reply on emails.
This is bad update one App keep loading when gen QR and getting history it keep me wait for long time and end by auto exit Application . What a shame!
After installing this app on my phone, wildfire S, my camera no longer works. It can take photos but view is pure white, I'm shooting in the white so to speak.
Keeps thinking on S3!
However for privacy reasons I must subtract 4 points.
Can't uninstall it.
Struggles to read the simplest qr codes, every other reader I've used manages fine.
Download scanner app, scan, download 17mb app, doesnt work.  No thanks.
At all.
Works a little slowly. Hope the update fix it.
Before I give 5 star, but after the latest update...the history just keep loading than app auto exit!! Pls fix it...or no choice BUT HAVE TO UNINSTALL.
Was a great app. Now its not.
The new update is not working
like so many other people have stated after the update I could not use it, no use in having an app that I cannot use
This sucks!!!
Liked it when worked. Now I get BS message that it requires features not found on my phone. Uninstall.  .
With the latest update, this appear has been rendered inoperable on all but Ice Cream Sandwich android phones.  Deleting with extreme prejudice.
Not compatible with Android 2.2
Latest update incompatible with my phone? Thank you for including all your customer base in your latest update. Used to be good, now only 1* until this issue is resolved
Used to work fine on my triumph. Now it says i cant use features or some bs. Good to know a brand new phone is already obsolete.. 1star for unusable app. Uninstalled.
Why would this app need access to all your personal info? Browser history and contacts list? No thanks...
Unable to scan any qr code
All this stupid app does is blink and flash... It will not scan anything.
Never completes the scan!
This used to be much better with earlier versions.  SGS2/ICS.
It's a piece of crap it takes freaking 2 years just to scan one thing
Never works. Galaxy Nexus
Was working, now won't open at all. I tried uninstall/reinstall to no avail. Wish it would work, I loved it before.
Hbhlm. Vygxgejjgkmkwkjrjhrjjkekwkkejrtjutujtrjiieiwjiwwkkeoeoeeoork.?ppppoajsaalajfaqqjslsolslakajajsyqgggsff#assaaaxznhefks,tkxvtykyoyjxgmd vmbn.  X,UNaudi$r8idhdsh&v. Nccx by
It is what it is. Has tons of features and works great.
Love the option for flashlight
On Android v2.2 HTC desire
This app has not been able to scan any QR codes
Tried at least 7 times and it wont work uninstalling after 10 mins of use"!!! Takesss wayyy too long
cant scan.
This app works great on my Samsung Galaxy S2, but doesn't read any codes on my Galaxy S3.
Normally brilliant camera refuses to focus on QR code and app has no manual override - rubbish!
Would not scan anything.... downloaded the warriors qr code scanner & it worked great!
Was holding infront of my LAPPY for ages. Could not scan the code
Which was the last time. No patience for stuff trhat doesn't work.
Doesn't work on any QR code I've tried it on.
Takes forever to scan and with no results. HTC EVO 4G
Slow, focusing hard, drains battery.  My droid X is awesome, and this app needs help.
Not sure what the problem is, but app just doesn't scan codes for crap!
Does not work on droid x
Uninstalled.
Junk! :O  doesn't even work, days scanning but nothing happens! Waste of time!
Solves all your QR Codes needs
Great to transfer contacts DROID phone.
Can't open it and when it does, it fc. Please fix Evo 3d
does exactly what it says
I have tried in all sorts of light, magazines, paper, cardboard, just everything i can find just to try it out. No success at all, not even one scan
sloppy programing, doesn't read clear well lighted qr code. trash.
Tried to scan a few codes.  Only one was recognized after scanning for a long time.  My friend used his Nokia Lumia and took less than a second to read the code.  I then tried using Google goggles, it read in speed of light. What's wrong QR Droid?
this app takes way to long to scan.
Needs too many permissions:  Read Browser's history and bookmarks Allows the app to read all the URLs that the Browser has visited, and all of the Browser's bookmarks.  No way!
Redlaser and scanlife and barcode scanner work in a spit second redlaser has local. This never worked.  I tested it with three products. Should have a negative rating
Works great
Can't read qr code from xda developers
Didn't scan majority of QR Codes presented
Not working with my phone
takes too long
Really doesn't do a lot, waste of memory on my phone if you ask me!
I've tried many times to scan, different positions, lighting, etc..  Never EVER works.  Save yourself the frustration.
Just keep scanning n scanning on my SGS3..
Just works
It cant scan. It zoom and rezooming very long with no result.
The app that i really need ... Free and no ads
It's sad that this seems to have stopped working.  I  can barely get It to scan a QR code.  Mobitag and the US post office app work faster.  I'll keep It on my phone to generate QR codes only as that is all It's good for now
It's sad that this seems to have stopped working.  I  can barely get It to scan a QR code.  Mobitag and the US post office app work faster.  I'll keep It on my phone to generate QR codes only as that is all It's good for now
I couldn't get this to work on my HTC EVO 4G after many tries.  I installed a QR Reader in my girlfriend's iPhone and it was up and running in less than 3 minutes.
My camera's focus keeps spazzing out in this app, making it unusable  Also, like many apps not optimised for this phone, there is a bar on the bottom of the screen that does nothing
My camera's focus keeps spazzing out in this app, making it unusable  Also, like many apps not optimised for this phone, there is a bar on the bottom of the screen that does nothing
Doesn't work on my HTC Desire.
I've never used a qr scanner before, but I tried this on a blind recommendation, and it wouldn't scam the thing, it was top busy refocusing over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over,etc
Does not work.
I've never been able to see if the program actually works.  It's at least 10x slower than Google Goggles.
Doesn't seem to work. All it does is re focus. Never scans
Had to download this to work with another app.  After several minutes if trying to scan a QR code, I finally gave up. Should have read the other reviews first, could have saved me the hand cramps.
Sat there for a few minutes and it didnt load...
...
It's pretty good i guess.
After 5 minutes of holding my phone trying to get this app to scan a Q code it was still trying to focus. I exited and immediatly uninstalled
I got two qr apps at the same time, and scanned the same image. Qr scanner instantly recognised the very codes and qr droid focus and unfocused till my arms started aching. It's like comparing Internet explorer with firefox/chrome. It's that bad.
Have to take a photo first then scan it. Not good
Just ad support made look a but UNCOMFORTABLE on small screen, rest is cool
Could you scan a simple black and white qr code or any custom codes
Useless....cant scan on my ray st18i....
Does what it's supposed to do. Reading times are a bit painful though. I'd still say it's one of the best.
Does what it's supposed to do. Reading times are a bit painful though. I'd still say it's one of the best.
Does what it's supposed to do. Reading times are a bit painful though. I'd still say it's one of the best.
I would not recommend this app to anyone. It takes FOREVER to recognize a code and once it does it doesn't give any prompts about getting the info from it. Too slow and too hard to use.
Addon detector reported this app installing with access to the contacts DB and browser history. Browser history might be excusable, but there's no benign reason to check contacts.
Never stops trying to focus. Unable to use it.
It won't let me scan nothin
It won't let me scan nothin
It won't let me scan nothin
Didn't work...
Worked 1 out of 10 times and even then it took FOREVER. Uninstalling.
It will be focused then out of focus, then focused, then not.  I never scanned.  You are the weakest link, goodbye
Droid incredible....won't scan, just keeps focusing..uninstalling
Used to work well then died on EVO 4G. Upgraded to EVO LTE and still can't scan any codes.
Needs to be positioned too precisely and for too long to be comfortable.
The app never works for me.
It takes hours to scan. Shopsavy is the best for scan qr and bar codes..
Let it sit for 5 minutes, and nothing! 0 stars
Auto focuses in and out without completing a scan...please fix
Sucks ! Does not scan
Took too long trying to focus. I tried another app that was much quicker
Does nit work anymore. If you try to start it directly crashes.
Doesnt work
So installed.
Great app. Does everything it says it does.
It was great app. Unfortunately since recent updates don't scan anymore :(
Don't work
Mine scanned one time and wouldnt scan anything else.
Boo! I had this before I did a hard reset and had to reinstall.  What happened to the version that worked?
I installed this and tried scanning a few codes but it would never read them. Uninstalled and reinstalled and stilll cannot get any type of qr to read. Phones new and has no problems with other aps so I don't know what the problem is.
Good app, except that it apsolutely freezes my phone when i want to launch it, Which is terribly annoying and frustrating! I figure it launches the camera first. Well what if I want to scan a screenshot...? Not good psychology mechanism you have here. It was great on the older version, when I had a f.. choice and ease of use. ~evo 3D.
Codes that CAN be scanned just fine with other scanners won't scan.
I was never able to actually scan a code with this app. Switching over to the one my husband uses. It actually works!
Poor. Doesn't scan. Refocusing is the only thing this app does. Other Qr scanning app works well.
Great app...works fine Droid Bionic
Doesn't read the barcodes
Time widget always goes out od sync. Complicated menu to navigate. Needs more polishing.
I've tried several codes and done of them work any one suggest what I've done
Worked fine until last update. Now won't scan a thing... :-(
I don't like it at all. It doesn't read the codes
Didn't work on my HTC desire
Failed to read a QR code that Google Goggles managed to read.
Why this app requires to read browser history and bookmarks????? Why it requires to read contacts data???? Suspicious!! Uninstalled!!
Not working on my phone. Can't seem to scan
Did not scan
I like all the options and the fact you can use it as the long press default for search button, but it doesn't scan! Glitch maybe? Galaxy S II X
Force close every time I scan.(Droid X2).  Not worth troubleshooting since there are many other apps out there that work.  Uninstalled immediately.
Try AT&T's qr reader. Much better!
Like it a great app.
Doesn't work. Droid razr.
All it does is keep re focusing and never stops. Uninstalling
Doesn't work on my HTC
Can't recommend enough, will produce, scan and read all in one app. Only one thing would make it better, the option to create multi colour codes.
Unistalled
Sucks! Won't scan!
Does not read qr codes
There is no reason to allow this app to share my contact information.
Why the update is 4 times in size the app? Solution: advertisers orders! Don't update!
Bad recognition
Was working fine.  but since last update doesnt scan well and u have to put the green linein the bottom and even it sometimes wont work
Sorry, Not very good at scanning
Sorry, Not very good at scanning
Changed to this from another one and this one hasn't read several qr codes. Don't waste your time with it.
Do not understand why this app needs to read my contacts and browser history ...  Removed ... I'll use another app
No matter what i do, it will not scan. Horrible app.
Piece of garbage.  Does not work at all.
Installing this app messed up my phone. It could no longer take, send, or receive photos
Its disgusting
Droid 2 it had epilepsy er something :(
On my droid x. Not sure why.
simple but nice.
Crashes every single time
Doesn't work on HTC sensation,just crashes the phone.
Eh
I updated my qr droid and it disappeared! I the had to download it again. Total waste of time!
Intrusive Updates.These people want your contact information! Seriously? What's up with that? Am uninstalling & going for a more private app.
Forget the latest update. I'm not giving it my browser history. This program just got way too nosey!!
Why do u need my contacts
Try it did not like it flooding my phone with ads about badoo uninstalling going back to barcode do not download waste time
Crap uninstall. Quickmark is way better!
Updated app on my HTC Sensation and now it does not work. This app was nice, Uninstalled!!!
my choice qr scanner and is perfectly adfree with the adfree android app thanks to root
Just constantly tries to focus on the image but never does anything
Very useful it works perfectly
Very useful it works perfectly
Samsung galaxy tab 10.1  I cant use all the buttons below. Not useful anymore. Dear developer, pls do something about it.
It sucks balls
What on earth for?! I guess you think your users are stupid or crasy...well, I guess anyone who installs this probably is.
App doesn't always open qr codes,it just gives codes Not film.Is this a code fault or an app fault ?
Will not scan anything.!!!  I downloaded this app hoping it would be better than the private. But this app is just as useless!!! Uninstalled!!!
Didnt scan anything!!
Why does this app have access to personal Info?? UNINSTALLING!
This is no where near a good as RED Scanner !! This is cumbersome and hard work to get prices quickly even then they are in dollars... it links to USA shopping sites...Get RED SCANNER instead much better
Flash does not work in.....galaxy ace
Works when you want to use it but seems to want to be used all the time..... opens itself randomly! Annoying, uninstall.
Uninstalling this app! You do not need that much info about me!!!
Why does a barcode scanner need access to my browser history and personal data?? I don't think so!!
Works great!!
After last two updates ot does not scan feckin anythin.
sucks
It wont even load crap!!! Anf ut wont let me delete it
Gimmick!
Great app.stop far the adds don't bother me enough to buy the upgrade
Love it works
Love it works
Using Android EVO
Very unreliable.  Slow.
Caused frequent FCs on my Sony Xperia 10 running Android 2.3
Very dissapointed. Froze my phone 4x in a row. Fix this bug, since it's not ICS friendly. (Samsung Galaxy)
App never worked for me.
i hope this fad dies soon.
Apparently this app signs you up for some text service about Cat Facts.  Haven't gotten to use the app but have 45 texts on Cat Facts!
Ads won't let you proceed with testing
I scan a code and it force closes
nice, but useful
Waste of time on samsung galaxy tab
Multistage process interrupted with mandatory pop up ad clicks. Don't bother!
Scans qr code but when you try to open the url, it mmediately closes the browser making scanning the code useless
The camera flash buggs out
Will not scan code tried multiple times
Sucks on my incredible try it on five different items   And only thang that happened was my ARM getting tired from holding up my phone
Terrible . Will no scan.
Do not want ability to invade privacy by access of camera to see at anytime what my phone see's so had to uninstall. Really wanted to keep the app.
Amazingly quick. Galaxy s.
New version sucks!!! Can't change camera 2 back camera which was correct. Uninstalled. Dumbies
Why do you want to know my personal info, days and browser history? BS. I'm uninstalling
Why do you need access to my contacts? Uninstalling.
Don't know why this app needs to know all of my bookmarks and browser history. Unacceptable. Uninstalling.
Works like a dream
Have used a few other QR readers. Like this one the best. Has more features than the others.
I have not been able to scan ANY QR codes.  Uninstall. Droid X user.
Doesn't work for me.
It works as described
Terrible...never works
Long way to product price.
Accesses your browsing history and contacts!  Im not exposing family and friends to their marketing.  Uninstalling this otherwise good app.
Good user interface for beginners and plenty of features for more experienced users.
Does not work on DROID x
...esp. in light of all the new scanning features for downloading, info gathering, etc.
Worth trying
This app seems to fc every single time I get it to read a code. Shame it looks quite good. Motorola Atrix
This app seems to fc every single time I get it to read a code. Shame it looks quite good. Motorola Atrix
This app is crap. Will not do what it claims.
Can't find the the qr code when I download it.says its saved to sd but WHERE THE HELL IS IT! UNINSTALL
Foreclose everytime I scan, a barcode..... Motorola Atrix
This worked great before the update. Now its useless, ugh!
Useless, need a barcode application that gives me the dollar price
Starts to go to web then forgets everything. HTC thunderbolt.
App sucks after the latest update.  It wont read codes, flashlight feature turns to strobing and completely white screen can't see the code.Fail updat
Does it all. I would like to see Microsoft tag compatibility, bit other than that, have nothing to complain about. 5 stars all day.
Junk. It worked once snd I can't get it to work again.
Try to get the scan thru for 5 mins nothin uninstall
Right part of camera image is corrupted when i'm trying to recognize code from camera. Previous versions worked fine.  ZTE Blade cmod 7.
Either the Moto Droid is a POS or these scan aps are just crap. None work on the QR codes.
Doesn't open or read
Doesn't work at all.
Since the latest 'update', I can't get any real code info on my DROID X2. Instead of useful info, nonsense comes on the screen.
Best code app I've downloaded!
Last major update gave it a better UI but lost some functionality. Can't even create your own QR codes anymore. *un-installing now*
Does not work at all...Droid X2...green scan bar comes up but app does not open camera for scanning.
Does not seem to work.  Isn't able to scan qr codes.  Just goes in and out of focus.  Does nothing.  Droid 2
I liked the app but I never allow permission to view my personal information.  Too risky.  Change that and I'll install.
Scanner first barcode, now won't scan! Not impressed :(
Doesn't work for me. I tried different distances from the code..... nothing.
It just keeps trying to focus and doesn't scan the QR at all. Terrible app. Droid 2 global
Pfft. Next.
I have to hold so still to use this app... maybe its my phone. But its annoying! I prop my phone up on stuff to read codes. Always refocusing.
Used this app for about half a year without a single issue.
A real good app, its great that you can make them too
Simply the best QR app 4 android
I really like the new interface
After download I got 3 more apps installed w/o permission. Kickback,  soundback, and gmail... Wtf? I don't want your crap! Deleting all 4 now
Freezes me up on occasion but otherwise decent
Forse closes on X10...
Doesn't work
It will not upload any picture I have to the server to make a qr link
Love it!
Terrible....suck big time...dosent work....
Apps that ask me to leave a review are annoying. Here's one star.
Stop forcing updates down my throat
I don't like how it updates automatically and NO OPTION to turn this off. UnInstall!
This app used to be great; nice simple interface, everything on one page, no ads, no data mining. I wish I could go back to the old version.
Only QR scanner that has ever worked for me. Tried goggles and a few others. This is the one. ;) great work. Evo 4g and 2.3.4
Yet to scan a code.
Yet to scan a code.
Data mining personal info. Uninstalled.
Keep refocusing.... can't even scan one code...uninstalling
Explain why this program needs access to contact information? Uninstalled it.
One star because you want access to personal data. Shame on me for not seeing that right away. Uninstalled.
G2X
Works great for me!
Blurry from this size! _
U dont understand it bleh!!!
Very handy at times does what its supposed to do.
Camera just keeps trying to focus, even when I put it in macro (close up) mode. Samsung Galaxy S2.
awesome little app
Updated in less than 30 sec. I use this app all the time! Thx.
After scanning barcode, it doesn't even show the price of products....uninstalled
Works perfect on my Droid X
Sucks
Its so easy to use and saves everything in the history for you to use later...
Do not use often but when I do it does its job!
good app... but there are better that do not have busty lady ads... not really appropriate for a business phone
I tried to scan it for 20 minutes, followed all the instructions, it NEVER worked
Works just like its supposed to.
Worthless
What da hell is this?
It worked beautifully before the update, but not when I scan something it won't even load. I'm left with a blank screen
Was a good app before the update. Now when I scan something it force closes everytime
What is the justification for sneaking access to comtacts into the update?
Uninstalled
Sucks. It will never scan using my droid x.
I don't use it that much so I can give in less than 5 stars in silicon a bug
is so wack it doesnt even work a waste of time installing this app
So, where are my dirty little secrect photos at? I cant find them anywhere on my htc evo. Unistall. Waste of time and a lil nervous where R my secrets
Best Qr app I've found.
Rubbish takes ages t do th actual scan nd even thn it doesn't wrk! Dnt botha dwnlding it.
Rubbish takes ages t do th actual scan nd even thn it doesn't wrk! Dnt botha dwnlding it.
i dont see why everyone is complaining. its perfect.
This program doesn't make cheese appear at my request.
In my opinion they did away w/the most important and most desired part of the app, and that is the ability to create are codes. Why?
Not the best app hard to use and not fast but gets job done so it is ok
serves purpose well but it doesn't have a friendly or instinctive user interface
I have tried this ap at least a dozen times where a friend with an I-phone can read a QR code and this app on my Droid2 cannot. Goodbye lame app ....
This app requires way too many permissions ; Why does it need access to my contacts?!?!
I don't kno weather it is good or bad b/c I downloaded but never used. I am jurck
Hate this app ruined my phone
Excellent app, it does what it says, and it does it well.
I LOVE the update changes! This is THE best QR reader/ writer on Android! :D
:))
Wow this is the most amazing QR reader in android hands down! Love the new UI! Thanks!
Was looking for an app to read the codes. This one does it but has too much stuff that i dont use. Looking for a simple app, not over complicated.
have to hold my phone 30-45 so it can scan the QRcode during all that time it scan in and out with lots of lite blue dot flashing all over the place. I am using an LG Optimus 2x with 2 core which is one of the fastest phone those days!
This is a great tool! And its fun, too!
It's a very good app. Works well for the Incredible S
It's a very good app. Works well for the Incredible S
Allows me to create my own codes and save to JPG or BMP! Best decoer/encoder!
Wouldn't work on my Droid X. Tried several different tags. It just keeps scanning over & over.
Wouldn't work on my Droid X. Tried several different tags. It just keeps scanning over & over.
I tried i-nigma first and it did nto work with my phone - could not access the camera. They claim compatibility with Japanese phones, and mine is an LG Optimus which is Korean origin. Anyway, this one works great and is fast. I would have installed the V4 Beta if I had seen it. I like that DroidLa gives the app for free, then you can choose to stop the ADs and promote the project by sending $1.50+ by PayPal to get a code to enter. Recommended by PC Mag is also encouraging.
The only thing that could improve would be the ability to manually select the error correction
The only thing that could improve would be the ability to manually select the error correction
The only thing that could improve would be the ability to manually select the error correction
Awesome app! Create and decode on the fly. I use it for promotions and I also capture codes while I'm out and about.
It never scans any codes. Gets blurry and then clear, only to do it all over again
It never scans any codes. Gets blurry and then clear, only to do it all over again
Just scan the bar code. Don't need duplicates of what my phone already has. Waste of space - delete
Web search icon not shown When scanning from camera
Just want a scanner this thing got my contacts and everything else on 1 screen worked on a papa johns box
Just want a scanner this thing got my contacts and everything else on 1 screen worked on a papa johns box
Yesterday I downloaded it and it wouldn't work. For some reason today it works perfectly
Blurred when using camera to decode any code using my MotoBlur or Flipside. Does NOT work!!!
Very good QR scanner. Has been able to scan arcades in low light that other apps couldn't. You can manually turn on theft light when scanning.
This app is simple to use. It also detects the qr code quickly without any trouble.
This app is simple to use. It also detects the qr code quickly without any trouble.
This application does not work I attempted to use it and it just searched but my pastor went on her i phone and did it with out any issues.
This app does not work... Tried several times. Test first before you release to Android Market!!
This app does not work... Tried several times. Test first before you release to Android Market!!
Fast, efficient, easy to generate and decode in less than a minute. Takes you right to the website, address or info source!
Fast, efficient, easy to generate and decode in less than a minute. Takes you right to the website, address or info source!
Fast, efficient, easy to generate and decode in less than a minute. Takes you right to the website, address or info source!
Does exactly what I need it to do. I recommend this app for anyone looking to generate or use barcodes.
I wish doctors receptionist would use this... I could take a picture of my next appointment.... imports directly to my calendar with prescription info
Really great app! There too many tools for my taste since I only needed to scan stuff, but then I found that I can create a shortcut to just the scan
I'll give the developer credit for a clear and easy to use interface but it would not scan a qr code from my brother and my phones...both have DROID X
Easily store contacts, mails, urls and simple text. Can really fit many chars in txt recognition.
Creating and scanning works flawlessly, allows shortcuts to specific functions for the home screen which I think is really useful. Scan time isn't always consistently short but it always does the job. Running on galaxy S2.
Camera just keeps changing focus... in the 10 or so times i tried to use it over a 4 month period it never once successfully scanned a QR code
Good for codes but pops up every time you hold search button very annoying (wildfire)
Ads are nonobtrusive, and the app is quick.
Works good. Just h aad hard time getting the phone to focus. Fixed it by making sure all the other things the camera saw were the same distance.
Takes ages to scan anything for me, if at all. Have found a faster replacement app. HTC Desire.
Not working on desire at all. Wont decode pics or work on cam.... Its on a taco bell cup that specifically says QR code...
Not working on desire at all. Wont decode pics or work on cam.... Its on a taco bell cup that specifically says QR code...
Great must have, but needs some way to scroll the text you get after decrypting a image. Also, the codes should go to gallery so you can view them.
I use this with 'mybookdroid' instead of the default. It works very well, has better personalization options and is much better as a stand-alone too.
Have u ever heard of don't judge a book by its cover try don't judge a app by its cover!!!!
This is the best qr shop on android. This is also the official one. I highly suggest it.
It is a very good app for some reson. Even fun it takes 2sec to make a 2d barcode and share it
Works well when I can get it to recognize a code. Most of the time blue dots just keep jumping all over the screen. Not sure if it's my camera or the app.
I paid for the ad remove code but never received it. Now in dispute with pay pal to get my money back... waste of time what a rip off... Don't Pay for a code.
I paid for the ad remove code but never received it. Now in dispute with pay pal to get my money back... waste of time what a rip off... Don't Pay for a code.
this app works great...(Zio)
this app works great...(Zio)
this app works great...(Zio)
Tried this on two different codes and was not able to read any of them useless app
Tried this on two different codes and was not able to read any of them useless app
Not crazy about these codes, wish there was just download links but this app works great.
Does not work on HTC Hero. Camera won't scan codes. It just keeps refocusing camera.
I downloaded this because I wanted a QR reader, but this turned out to be significantly more. Reads and generates all forms of QR. Excellent.
WARNING, this is malware. After installing it, it said I "had a message", stupid me clicked on it and it began downloading something strange
Tried scanning QR codes tons of times but each time it would just keep trying to get it into focus
Havent had any problems. I guess its my stupidity but it took me a long time to figure out how to scan...but otherwise no problems
Gives back no results plus I had to guess how to use it horrible. .
This doesn't work as well as others at SCANNING a QR code. This app is presumably best at creating codes but I haven't tried that yet.
This doesn't work as well as others at SCANNING a QR code. This app is presumably best at creating codes but I haven't tried that yet.
Thiw app is not what I thoughr it would be. It doesn't read all the scanner boxes on every product you want to get info on. Very seldom works!
Downloaded it to take qr code pics when reading about apps... worked flowlessly, but used only once so far.
Downloaded it to take qr code pics when reading about apps... worked flowlessly, but used only once so far.
Downloaded it to take qr code pics when reading about apps... worked flowlessly, but used only once so far.
Downloaded it to take qr code pics when reading about apps... worked flowlessly, but used only once so far.
Downloaded it to take qr code pics when reading about apps... worked flowlessly, but used only once so far.
Downloaded it to take qr code pics when reading about apps... worked flowlessly, but used only once so far.
I guess I'm totally a dingbat cuz I'm not sure what its supposed to do.
Cool. Couldn't find a single other app that can turn things into a qr code awesome
I do not understand how it works. I sat there for 5 minutes while it flashed my flash.
It scanned but after installation it jacked up my phone after each use. Constantly caused it to reboot uninstalled and phone is back to normal-droid x
All I get is info without ability to "scan" anything. Too bad I can't rate it a ZERO. using droid X
All I get is info without ability to "scan" anything. Too bad I can't rate it a ZERO. using droid X
Couldn't get it to scan a single QR code. Just kept trying to focus. Sounded great but even the help was no help.
Works rather nice. The only reason i am not giving it 5 stars, is that the UI is kind of crap.
Works rather nice. The only reason i am not giving it 5 stars, is that the UI is kind of crap.
Sucks won't focus or scan codes. Maybe its my error but since there is no info what to do I'll never know.
Love the application. I have installed it on my Galaxy Tab as well; it is very handy to have!
It would be a really nice feature to be able to generate a QR code for a contacts group. Other than that, extremely useful application
I first came across this on a PC and found it to be great for so many uses, then I came across this in the market place it great on to Galaxy S. dcsi.
didnt work, the camera didnt take pictures and it couldnt decode any either huawei droid
didnt work, the camera didnt take pictures and it couldnt decode any either huawei droid
A little tough to learn but once I get it figured out I think it will be great
A little tough to learn but once I get it figured out I think it will be great
On first code it didn't work. On second one it didn't work either. Uninstalled. Droid X
Really great functionality and complete app. I'm afraid there are some power drainage issues though. Tired of force closing, I'll need a substitute.
Went to old navy and needed this AP. It uploaded quickly a d worked perfectly. And I am not a tech-savvy person.
Bug found in app created n saved url image can not be decoded due to too many data... have to use other reader or open from history file.
Doesnt work at all. No glare. Perfect picture, or holding it from of the camera. Dont waste your time
These [QRimages] are notorious for their being difficult to get working properly for some reason. This application is good to have & works great!
Amazingly well done. Wish there were more apps this well made on the market. Bang up work.
Works much better than other scanners I've tried. Integrates well with other programs.
When I scanned it would go to unwanted ads, and asked if I wanted to purchase a code. Did not like
When I scanned it would go to unwanted ads, and asked if I wanted to purchase a code. Did not like
So far it's working great, only used it a couple of times, no problems yet on froyo samsung vibrant
Sweet app, works better than I had expected with a load of extra features too. :-)
Pretty flipping nifty app. Only think that would make it better is of you could convert images into codes
Very nice program! Conveniently create your own QR Code for your friends to scan instead of type in!
This program took 11% of my battery today and I only used it once in the 8 hours on my battery.
The camera wouldn't take the picture after 30 sec. Of focusing. Sorry but it's a dud. Samsung intercept
Works every time without any problems. I also Luke that you can make your own. My friends like to send messages to each other with it. :-)
This is a great app! I had the Microsoft tag reader app first, and it doesn't even compare
I so far have not been able to get it to scan a single code
Good but setup of main screen could be better but other than than that pretty good
Good but setup of main screen could be better but other than than that pretty good
Will not work on Motorola Flipside. Camera does not focus on objects up close. Not the fault of app, phone's problem.
I am so loving this scanner app! Easy & fun to use. Those fancy barcodes are everywhere now. Sometimes I scan ads I don't even care for just for fun!
I am so loving this scanner app! Easy & fun to use. Those fancy barcodes are everywhere now. Sometimes I scan ads I don't even care for just for fun!
I am so loving this scanner app! Easy & fun to use. Those fancy barcodes are everywhere now. Sometimes I scan ads I don't even care for just for fun!
I only gave it four stars because I havent used all of the features yet.
I only gave it four stars because I havent used all of the features yet.
I only gave it four stars because I havent used all of the features yet.
Liked it, but has been destroying my battery for some reason, so uninstalled until fixed, or I can find a problem on my phone. Nexus one.
When editing phone info while creating QR code of contacts it types the wrong number
When editing phone info while creating QR code of contacts it types the wrong number
Works grate on android apex so far no problems scans bar codes better then barcode scanner
App ia fine, being coerced into paying to remove ads is not. If you're going to charge got the app, be upfront about it, don't make me opt out with a
App ia fine, being coerced into paying to remove ads is not. If you're going to charge got the app, be upfront about it, don't make me opt out with a
Why does a qr code reader need to access all of my contact data. #fail
Got everything i need!
But half the time doesn't read codes, no matter you angle or light on or off
Wow. What a space waster. I loved this before, uninstalling.
Works well, but doesn't respect default app selection.
Good program HOWEVER currently having trouble using all the functions on my LG revolution. At least Pic to QRcode and contact info to QRCode aren't working right. I'll update this review once bugs/functionality are worked out. PS. if they don't work on account of user error then you may want to look into making your interface a bit easier to use.
Doesn't work most of the time. Very frustrating!!!
Doesn't work on most items but the ATT reader is able too scan.
P
When it works it is fine, that just isn't very often.
v
Please I beg of the developers, please post the same version on Google Play and the Amazon App Store.  Every other day I get a different build from one store or the other.  It's a royal pain.  Until then you lose 2 stars.  Update:  yet another new build that conflicts with Amazon store.  Now you lose 3 stars.
"Application requires features not available on your device"  What features? Camera, wifi, 3G, SD card, flashlight - I have all those. What gives?
Used to work now can't update...features not available on your device...HTC inspire
5 out of the last 6 scans failed
Not work :(
Takes too much time compared to other apparently and doesn't read it sometimes.
Reads codes occasionally and only with much encouragement. The code looks great on the screen of my phone and it looks like its reading quickly but then without fail it will yank itself out of focus and start over, and it will continue this cycle forever. Not useful to me cuz it seriously takes less time and effort to type a url.
This _was_ the best QR app for Android. But each update adds more bugs than features. Scanning now so slow and unreliable as to be useless. Widgets are a nice idea but have too many screen-refresh issues to bother with.
Works half the time.
Worked OK on my ASUS SL101 until the ICS update was installed.  Now it can't open the camera which makes it useless.
Nice interface. Very slow and finicky scanning. Other scanners are quite a bit better.
Used to like it but the interface is really bad and it keeps crashing.
Doesn't work with a crap.  Stupid auto focus never stops focusing so it can scan.  Waaaay too picky/sensitive. Not really useful/usable at all.
Slick UI, runs smoothly, but impossible to recommend, because it is rarely able to actually scan a code.
After using this for a while, I switched to Microsoft Tag. It was much faster and had more variety. I didn't like how QR droid only scanned the QR codes. I felt like I was missing out because I could only scan certain ones. Also it was painfully finicky and often wouldn't scan for me. Very frustrating. The Microsoft Tag app scans much easier. While this app served its purpose, I would not recommend it.
I uninstalled this straight away. Was very slow to scan!
Good for generating QR codes on your phone, but the scanner NEVER works.
...but no longer. Not sure when it went bad, but I just tried to read some QR Codes with it and no luck. Same QR Codes were scanned successfully with QR Barcode Scanner. It's a shame, as the UI for that app is horrible compared to this...
Scanning
Im deleting it because of the ads in the notification bar.
Takes a long time to scan, and misses part of the vcard
Neo reader is far faster than this. Anyway useful app but needs improvement
Can't share what I scanned on Facebook
With so many QR codes out there, I installed this app. Unfortunately it had trouble reading most of the QR codes I came across. Tried different angles but not much luck. I had better luck with "Barcode Scanner" app from zxing. Wont comment on the new app until I've used it for a while.
Slow to scan QR codes.
I checked this application on several devices. HTC phones and Samsung tablet. It worked perfectly well on HTC with Android 2.5 and on tablet with Android 3.2, but it does not work on HTC One X with Android 4. It constantly hunts for focus, gets it very seldom, drains out battery, overloads focusing mechanizm. Result is negative. It works fine if a picture of 2D code is taken by regular camera application and then read by QR Droid application, but this workaround is not up to my taste. Have to uninstall it..
Pretty cool, i love it great 1'd it
This has so many awesome features but I rarely get to use them since it rarely is able to decode what I scan: no matter how easy it should be.
Love the app but will be sadly uninstalling due to the fact it can read my contacts' details. Why?
Can't download this app and I need it in my life!
Works perfectly on my Galaxy Note, but I don't like the way it opens a link to click on rather than simply going directly to the video/website. I think I shall try another QR Reader, instead
Giving a low rating because it accesses information on your phone that ttthe program doesn't need, namely your   browsing history. Tried contacting developers to ask why but emailt bounced because the address listed here is not valid.
Please ! How can i scan with this program
Does not read QR Codes on the Defy (green lens)
Run
Keep in mind that I am not saying this is a bad app, just that it didn't work.  I am sure it is my economy priced phone (Samsung Intercept) that's the problem which is why I gave it a 2 star mark rather than a 1 star
Awesome app never have problems
It works but ads are so annoying and contribute to battery drain that I uninstalled it.
Why does it need my personal information??!!!??!!
Updated to 4.5 together with Android V4.0.3. QRDroid no longer recognises the camera.
Does not work. Looks like a great app though.
This app is getting more annoying, the longer I have it.....used to work perfectly, now works about 40% of the time. Will take 1 pic, then lock up, or take all 3, but not save. Also, its lame that you have to edit the pic RIGHT THEN, if you save and then go back, you can use the HDR editing. Needs fixing.
Deleting message from the list of messages throws you to the beginning of the list. Messages reappear after deletion.
Deleting message from the list of messages throws you to the beginning of the list. Messages reappear after deletion.
Everything about this app is great... EXCEPT that the camera doesn't work! It DID say it takes control of camera and other hardwares, but it doesn't let me take pics?! Then why is there a "Decode Saved QR image" if you can't save anything on it? Fail...
I love the idea of this app, especially good for business, but have to say that my Droid2 started acting erratically after installing it.  My phone is fine after uninstalling.  Hope the developers take note.
This app installs too many action handlers... I don't want it on the search menu, I don't want it handling gallery photos.  It's not helpful, it's annoying.
Nice explanation of how to scan qr code. However on the thrive it did not want to read any qr codes. Another program I tried did just fine.
Fast, complete and simple. Perfect.
Works good on myTouch 4G slide. I use it more every day as more companies use QR codes.
Right part of camera image is corrupted when i'm trying to recognize code from camera. Previous versions worked fine.  ZTE Blade cmod 7.
Doesn't work!
Makes the codes but won't decode, just blanks back to gallery. Droid 2.
Why this apps needs to access my personal information, contact list and history??
Cool
No option for 2D bar codes. Uninstalled
Why does the app need to access my internet history?
Data mining!
The remove adds for FREE does not work ----_ rather suspicious
Worked for a while, then it said I needed an additional app for it to do anything useful. Droid x
Yet to scan a code.
Explain why this program needs access to contact information? Uninstalled it.
I would rate higher if map also had sat view
Works like a charm!
I tried to scan it for 20 minutes, followed all the instructions, it NEVER worked
Works perfectly, quickly and with remarkable precision on the HTC Thunderbolt.
Works really well on Dell Streak (2.2.2). On line QR code generator is useful too.
Keeps Freezing
Used to work on my Eris but last two upgrades have somehow rendered it useless.
It bored me , i didnt get the point of this app .
i dont see why everyone is complaining. its perfect.
Scans about half the time. Found a much better and faster app for QR Codes.
With latest update lost ability TO CREATE A CODE? F A I L!! Uninstalled and chose another app.
Not the best app hard to use and not fast but gets job done so it is ok
It could be 5 from me, but it's slow sometimes, and it keeps saying I have an available update when I don't, requiring a reinstall.
It could be 5 from me, but it's slow sometimes, and it keeps saying I have an available update when I don't, requiring a reinstall.
Can not install update, keep getting error that it can not install on sd card but app is on the phone
Works great rooted HTC EVO
Not really sure if this is the problem, but my camera has been freezing up ever since i installed this app on my droid.uninstallin
It's fine until the 15th use, then out fogs up the camera with a graphic.
Gets the job done if you can wait around for a few minutes for it to recognize the QR. Camera keeps focusing and unfocusing. Found better app.
Gets the job done if you can wait around for a few minutes for it to recognize the QR. Camera keeps focusing and unfocusing. Found better app.
When scanning from camera, places the "Scan from url" image on top of the image so you can't see what you're scanning. Please fix! HTC EVO 4G, Sprint.
Just want a scanner this thing got my contacts and everything else on 1 screen worked on a papa johns box
Awesome app. Very simply to use. Works great with my HTC Evo and Xoom.
If you need an app that can handle QR codes you could do a lot worse than this. A good app with a lot of source options.
Very cool app. I love it and use it every chance I get. A must have app for every android!
Ads are nonobtrusive, and the app is quick.
cool app, being able to turn anything into a barcode thingy (dont know the term) is very usefull.
Its brilliant try it on your driving license it comes up with your number, works quick and gives special offers sometimes.
RtdA. G v. V. C - t rduV. Vrx5 dewdrb trsdv. T.g EXdd 5dv. E. ddddv t. Zw-r6
Great must have, but needs some way to scroll the text you get after decrypting a image. Also, the codes should go to gallery so you can view them.
this app works great...(Zio)
Can't even scan a code in a magazine. Tries and tries even in great light and nothing. Just focusing Time to try another scanner this one's a POS.
Downloaded it to take qr code pics when reading about apps... worked flowlessly, but used only once so far.
I can't find my vcard but I did just get this app. Have not played with it much yet!
Does not scan all codes. Takes a long to focus and scan when it decides to work.
Awesome app. Very easy to use. Don't even need instructions to be able to use it
Its an ok app but does make it a bit confusing at first. You just have to mess aroun with it.
A little tough to learn but once I get it figured out I think it will be great
Not a bad app. Not all that useful unless all ur friends can scan QRs. Wish saved codes would go into the gallery tho
Google Shopper (or ANY shopping app) integration desperately needed. Does everything Barcode Scanner doesn't. Still can't really replace it.
Doesn't feel very user friendly. I need something I can use quick without a learning curve.
After downloading and extensively testing all the available free barcode and QR code scanners, this one is definitely the best.
Works like a charm! Just snap a photo of the barcode and "POOF" it will show you the URL or translated barcode number.
Went to old navy and needed this AP. It uploaded quickly a d worked perfectly. And I am not a tech-savvy person.
Bug found in app created n saved url image can not be decoded due to too many data... have to use other reader or open from history file.
Nice program. The last version impro ed the performance. Almost every time does the things it is supposed to do.
Sweet app, works better than I had expected with a load of extra features too. :-)
Seems like it could be useful but was the last app i installed and fone is now lagging. Will uninstall and see if this is the culpit samsung galaxy
I immediately recognized the QR code in the Stephen Colbert Friday skit. My droid with this app did not. Failure. Nice interface, though
This is a great app! I had the Microsoft tag reader app first, and it doesn't even compare
I tried to scan a code for bikefest and was given an error code- something about there being too much information?
Works grate on android apex so far no problems scans bar codes better then barcode scanner
App ia fine, being coerced into paying to remove ads is not. If you're going to charge got the app, be upfront about it, don't make me opt out with a
So so. Can do
Hard to scan some qr codes.
Should be able to retrieve saved qr codes from within app.
Good program HOWEVER currently having trouble using all the functions on my LG revolution. At least Pic to QRcode and contact info to QRCode aren't working right. I'll update this review once bugs/functionality are worked out. PS. if they don't work on account of user error then you may want to look into making your interface a bit easier to use.
Works but a little slow...
Even though it "can" take a few seconds to "lock in", It's terrific!  The only thing I would update is for the app NOT to "remember" the last scan as soon as the app opens. It's a little bit of a pain to have to back out of the app 1 or 2 times to get it to default to the scanning function, but it's still VERY worth 5 stars!
Puts an unnecessary ton of new widgets you will have to scroll through to get past Q in the list.
Don't use often but works great when in use. No problem with update Samsung galaxy II
Generates codes like a charm, but can't do anything with them when scanning them in. Found the whole experience very confusing. Really only got this to read and write QR codes, but a has load of other features that seem superfluous and arbitrary, and doing anything with scanned data is a real challenge. Still a lot better than any similar program I've seen to-date, however.
Great
Good for shortcuts to websites
Reads qr fine. But the qr generator keeps erroring out
Works a little slowly. Hope the update fix it.
I used to be able to use this app, but since the latest update came out, I'm not able to update it cause I get an error that says: App requires features not avaliable on your device. Galaxy S(Captivate 2.2)
Used to be perfect; updated happily with each update bringing useful changes. Now, however, the recent update was not compatible. My phone attempted to update it it but the failed attempt has stopped it working. Upsetting but what can you do? 3* as whilst it's kaput it was fantastic.
Continually autofocuses,  doesn't actually capture an image. Will work if the qr code doesn't fill the screen, but if this us the case, the screen box should be altered toreflect that fact.
G qqQT. Qqgcvuuu. Uuqquqoy Uut giuqtyquqyftfoofqqqqgqqtqgqgcut hgyug.lioqyuqottuctqgqqqcecgtqelqlcuyot Gyy .u.g tyullu  U  Cfuluyqlyuyuyyuguqgugqqutuuhu7 cggyoi uugyqogeewfluu luyltgtu Cgy uucquuv gqu yvu i phi
A
Couldn't scan at all. Switched to another app and scan worked fine. Not recommended, uninstalled
it never scans anything, all it does is refocus the camera
Great app, just so painfully slow when scanning
...it does what it is designed to. Had to reinstall twice because it wouldn't recognize anything at some point. Card making option is a cool idea. Steamingly outspatches the hot hilliotts in our cubbled petchrarch. Feedbag!!!
Used this app once and it worked, went to use it again straight after and it just stopped. The scanner to forever to focus and do the job. I'll be uninstalling
Does exactly what it says. Great for generating QR's, but the scanner is quite poor.
Good for creating codes, but not very good at reading them. Try Barcode Scanner. It's way better. Almost instant.
The app fails to read data from a saved qr image. This is the 1st time I rated an app 3 stars as I really want the problem to be solved. I rate apps only when it's a 5 star.
Great features, but slower than barcode scanner app when actually scanning :(
Great features, but slower than barcode scanner app when actually scanning :(
Doesn't scan Micro QR
Used to work much better, now somewhy not always recognizes qr made by iphone. Sometimes have to change angle, sometimes doesnt work at all, when redlaser gets it in a moment, even without centering screen. Plz fix!
I grew a beard by the time it finished scanning
Let's try
Only QR code. Cannot scan Barcode or 2D code.
Only QR code. Cannot scan Barcode or 2D code.
I was hesitant trying this out but its very responsive and super easy to use. First qr too. After using it...when I'm not using it I notice my phone battery consumption went up.
Tis a very apps but don't know why cannot focus? Do not see any issue in HTC sensation.
Excellent at creating your own QRs, but seems to be unable to scan even 1D codes if you don't hold a torch on the barcode & stay still for an age...
Developer seems more interested in adding more and more features than fixing bugs in existing ones.
The only time I have used this app it didn't work and seen as I only downloaded it for the purpose of scanning that one item I cant say its good but I also haven't tried it again so could have been a one off
I have tried this app since I need encoding. I generated a code, then ran it through a friends phone, using another app. No complaints.   Then my friend generated a code. Qr Droid was worthless. It kept messing with the focus, even though there was no need to. Only after I manually pictured the code externally, then came back and asked it to decode the saved pic, did it work.   An app which requires to use a side-use of itself through another app, making me work thrice, is plain wrong.   bottom: Needs fix.
I think it is great, by idea/ rating may be too low as I  did not have the info with app here when needed. So: Could be better explained where to cab for ' older '  non tech savvy ' tech explores. We really are using technology, will be huge target market! Thx
Had a strange problem with 5.1.  Worked very slowly if at all recognizing QR codes.  Uninstalled then reinstalled.  Still iffy.  Used Titanium Backup to go back to 5.0 and all is well again.  Samsung Galaxy S
Its a very nive app, but still I would rate it just 3. I have my reasons to do the same.  Pro: 1. Can upload the QR to its website qr.ai and has good sharing options. 2. Remembers history(others also do remember) 3. Can generate QR codes 4. Has some widgets e.g. clock with shortcuts to app features.  Con: 1. Not as good as scanning QR code as other apps(BARCODE SCANNER) 2. Sometimes doesn't even read its own generated QR code.
I cannot scan after i got latest version. Cant recognise
Bad in scanning from computer  HTC wildfire
It WAS working fine but there was an update this past weekend and now it doesn't scan most of the time
I can't update on my htc incredible s. .it says can't install on sd or phone memory
Sometimes it just won't scan but, when it does, it's ok.
This is great but its really slow and takes awaile to load!
It's slow...found i-nigma which is incredibly quick in it's aquiring the QR code, so this app is history for me
It reads Q.R codes easily, and links you right to the website. But when I made a Q.R code, I couldn't do anything with it.
It doesnt make a qr image of pocs. It just keeps going back to select image. Please fix.  Samsung fascinate
Very good And helpfull
What I don't get is why does it need personal info..I would give it 5 if it didn't other than that works fine
It does wok on none rooted device
The only thing I don't like is when I'm using my flashlight it goes on and off so I can never scan a qr at night it would be nice if the flashlight was able to stay on so I could position it to scan
Good to use...but not productive
hi    have coded an address and phone numbers like a business card and it scans OK but then doesnt save in contacts of phone. i have a galaxy 2s
Scanner
This app is pretty good. You would think that this stuff would be built into the Android OS, but this is worth having in your apps. It works well and the ability to share using an onscreen QR code is really cool.
Awesome QR reader. No issues with camera focus. And creating my own codes for contacts and other links is great. But I still need a seperate app to scan bar codes. . . Boo!
When the option 'Copy scan result to clipboard' is on QR Droid automatically runs system action. No matter that the default action is set to 'Ask me'.
Works when you want to use it but seems to want to be used all the time..... opens itself randomly! Annoying, uninstall.
As per title...app reported no camera detected but worked Before in honeycomb
Super addicting.
But few options to generate QR code. No fax, no separate name entry like title, name, surename and full name, and other vcard options (home, work phone). Nice app but weak generating vcard codes from contacts.
Works ok, but doesn't scan as quickly as Microsoft Tag. Uninstalling for now.
Good
Update: does not work with google maps....Great app Works smoothly
App is decent, but would like to have it automatically save all qr codes scanned in for future use, if don't save manually. I haven't seen the ads that pop in the free ver, but could do w/o that "bonus".
Just ok.
Slow, always wants to show me a better way to something, when I just really want it to open and scan.
Very goood
i like it
i like it
Stop hassling me to remove adverts or install other software, I choose this app because it was free...
I loved it when I was able to create codes. What happened??
love it
After several test on some old fashioned bar code at home does not scan as well as others.  In a store I don't want to be wasting time.  Sorry, not as foolproof as "Barcode Scanner". LG Optimus V .
I really love being deferred here to comment on my thoughts when I want to use my phone.
I don't really use it that much but I would recommend it if you see this kind of barcode a lot.
usefull
So far so good
Good to look .in to seekrets
Cry
Definitely worth trying out. Works as advertised with no fuss.
Not bad
Last major update gave it a better UI but lost some functionality. Can't even create your own QR codes anymore. *un-installing now*
So far I have only used it to scan QR codes which it does fine.
Scans from a lot of sources, very useful!
Not as useful as other people say but surly better than all similar apps. U have to try yourself
Works great for DROIDX. I made my own business card.
I just can't fathem why you are able to read my contact info,  idk you nor trust you.
This app is okay. But it doesn't always read what it should. And it's pretty slow a lot of times!
Works good D2
It's taking a long time to scan; when it finally does scan the code, it only captures half the link. The other scanners capture the full link, but they do not initiate the download for my apps I have created. This was working great a couple days ago :( Uninstalled and reinstalled, still not working right.
Has a lot of focusing issues on smaller codes.
Great concept. The search function to share contacts is pretty poor, though. Could definitely use tweaking.
Works great on some codes, somtimes it won't work, it just keeps trying to scan even in bright conditions. Nice for being free though.
The App is great but when you create a contact the address zip code and town are all put in the street field and not separated in the street, City and Zip code fields
Super functions
Doesn't work on all QRs
Excellant Samsung Mesmerize - No issues Works as it says - If for some reason the app will no longer scan saved images, clear the app cache
Pretty cool!
$$
I've been using this for months and it's better than barcode scanner :)
Hard time scanning qr codes
Hard time scanning qr codes
Ok app, all it needs is price comparisons and a good barcode reader and it will be complete!
Don't like the nag pop up to rste app but so far it works as it should. Loose that popup for an extra two stars fof me.
Don't find the QR codes that often. So for what it does when I find them its ok.
Great
Not bad does the job without to many tech issues
Unable to open QR images on my phone gallery. App does nothing ehen u click on de cv ode from saved images. SGS2
5*s if it could generate qr code for music and vedios.....cannot sent multiple contacts.-../.
Only used it once since getting it, but it worked fine. *not used since 4.0 update.
has everything regarding qr codes I could ask for :3
Works as it should plus extras.
What is the justification for sneaking access to comtacts into the update?
Worked great till I tried to change the color. Then it crashed repeatedly. Too bad cuz the previous version didn't do that.
Good
i dont see why everyone is complaining. its perfect.
serves purpose well but it doesn't have a friendly or instinctive user interface
Like the app. Not new interface. Reverted back - just matter of personal taste I guess
I just got the new app so im just geting use to it . The bad part is that I cant really delete my history . Its just really out there in the open .
Wouldn't work on my Droid X. Tried several different tags. It just keeps scanning over & over.
Web search icon not shown When scanning from camera
Yesterday I downloaded it and it wouldn't work. For some reason today it works perfectly
Yesterday I downloaded it and it wouldn't work. For some reason today it works perfectly
If your looking for an easy app to compare prices between stores in your area by scanning the barcode of the item with your camera I say use redlaser
Works ok, sometimes has trouble scanning qr codes. Has more features than some other qr apps.
Please add this. -Galaxy S
This app is simple to use. It also detects the qr code quickly without any trouble.
This app does not work... Tried several times. Test first before you release to Android Market!!
Sends to work ok. I'm new to qr but was able to create a code I added to my email signature and resume that takes people to my linked in resume
This is the absolute perfect QR code reader. The fact it allows one to create codes is a bonus. EVO3D
I wish doctors receptionist would use this... I could take a picture of my next appointment.... imports directly to my calendar with prescription info
I'll give the developer credit for a clear and easy to use interface but it would not scan a qr code from my brother and my phones...both have DROID X
I was using QR Driod and very happy with it. I just put the Froyo Android 2.2 upgrade on my phone and now QR Droid says it is incompatible with the phone. Wondering what is happening here? I'd love to change the rating to 5 stars because this app is worth that and more.
I was using QR Driod and very happy with it. I just put the Froyo Android 2.2 upgrade on my phone and now QR Droid says it is incompatible with the phone. Wondering what is happening here? I'd love to change the rating to 5 stars because this app is worth that and more.
When it works it does what it should. I just find it hard to use.
scans fast, excellent feel... i don have to type aymore. damn u qr droid , u made homobsapiens lazy...
Not working on desire at all. Wont decode pics or work on cam.... Its on a taco bell cup that specifically says QR code...
This app is cool. I saw it on the news and I was just amazed how easy and cool it was so I downloaded it.
Fine but UI is overly decorated and fairly ugly. Would like a widget to initiate a scan.
Works well when I can get it to recognize a code. Most of the time blue dots just keep jumping all over the screen. Not sure if it's my camera or the app.
this app works great...(Zio)
Not crazy about these codes, wish there was just download links but this app works great.
Not crazy about these codes, wish there was just download links but this app works great.
This doesn't work as well as others at SCANNING a QR code. This app is presumably best at creating codes but I haven't tried that yet.
This doesn't work as well as others at SCANNING a QR code. This app is presumably best at creating codes but I haven't tried that yet.
Downloaded it to take qr code pics when reading about apps... worked flowlessly, but used only once so far.
I guess I'm totally a dingbat cuz I'm not sure what its supposed to do.
My Samsung was left out b/c of OS, NOT ANYMORE! & WHAT FUN DECODING! Just genius! My phone is "smart" & Droid worthy once again! LOVE THIS! & funny to read reviews of some that didn't get it to "open". I started w/simple trade app & now have the entire world! This is best app ever!! Keep up the codes!
I can't find my vcard but I did just get this app. Have not played with it much yet!
Most of the codes scanned from magazines don't go to the page it directs to.
A little tough to learn but once I get it figured out I think it will be great
Not a bad app. Not all that useful unless all ur friends can scan QRs. Wish saved codes would go into the gallery tho
Works as advertised. Love that it can decifer QRs from almost anywhere. missing for me is ability to generate WiFi login. Otherwise complete
Works as advertised. Love that it can decifer QRs from almost anywhere. missing for me is ability to generate WiFi login. Otherwise complete
Can't scan a barcode image with a Moto Milestone. Android 2.2. My camera might be the cause though. I don't know.
Can't scan a barcode image with a Moto Milestone. Android 2.2. My camera might be the cause though. I don't know.
After downloading and extensively testing all the available free barcode and QR code scanners, this one is definitely the best.
Really great functionality and complete app. I'm afraid there are some power drainage issues though. Tired of force closing, I'll need a substitute.
Really great functionality and complete app. I'm afraid there are some power drainage issues though. Tired of force closing, I'll need a substitute.
Its okey i mean when i want it to scan sumthinq it somtimes dose it...im not realy crzy about it....
This is ok. It has an annoying advertisment for dating service that sometimes gets in the way. I wish they had a delete ad button.
Amazingly well done. Wish there were more apps this well made on the market. Bang up work.
Great! But when scanning from camera, the flash button does not turn on the flash on my EVO 4g.
Those app. is really neat. I use this sometime. I had that since feb. 2011. HTC Evo Shift ^_~.
Idk if I'm doing this right but it doesn't seem to want to work... cause I've had it before and it worked just fine
Been using it for about a week now. It's a fun little app, and I haven't had any issues at all. HTC Evo 4G.
The App works well, but after last update it uses 94% of battery even when I'm not using it!?!?
The camera wouldn't take the picture after 30 sec. Of focusing. Sorry but it's a dud. Samsung intercept
Does a great job of scanning codes, but by God it chews up my battery. Permanently the second-highest juice user on battery info.
This is a great app! I had the Microsoft tag reader app first, and it doesn't even compare
I gave it 3 stars due to the flashlight doesn't work on the Evo 4g.
I just didn't scroll down far enough. Sorry!
Didn't really work for me.. rooted Cliq/no netfilter. I was able to connect a client but no internet access.. maybe nat probs. Also no wep.
Pretty good App, but I have come across a number of QR that could not be properly deciphered. Using HTC Desire.
Works great! The only thing that would be better is support for larger QR barcodes to hold more data. It will create them but has issues reading them.
Tastes great, less filling. Does everything it's supposed to do, and doesn't crash.
Liked it, but has been destroying my battery for some reason, so uninstalled until fixed, or I can find a problem on my phone. Nexus one.
Liked it, but has been destroying my battery for some reason, so uninstalled until fixed, or I can find a problem on my phone. Nexus one.
I was going make the suggested $1.50 donation, after clicking on donate, the smallest resulting amount was $2.50. Bait and switch is wrong.
Got. To get ,information, is important and it's a new era, ALL IN A FLASH ;LEGAL OR PERSONAL PRIVATE IT'S REAL ....!!!!
Scans perfect for my cell Motorola photon
I'm not understanding all of the negative comments. Works just fine for me, for the most part. I have used this to read both print and online QR codes, and out has worked.
Only comment is, I feel when you scan a code it should jump straight to the web sight
Sweet app!
Good app  But doesn't always recognize the code. Otherwise, good!
It doesn't scan some codes, even after five minutes of changing the angle of the camera :-(
Does what it says.
Nice app.... ;-)

ooooook
This app is so cool
Pls have an update for ICS
Nice app....
Works as it claims
Good but doesn't scan MS tags.
When it works it is fine, that just isn't very often.
No complaints
Ok la
One word. AWESoME
Works great love it!
Read and create qr codes... It's great!
Easy to use!
It's a great little app.
Fun so far
Great it works really well
Why permissions to read contacts and browser history?
Love the option for flashlight
Awesome app
I had tried the other apparently more popular app and had an epic fail. There was only blackness where the camera image would be. I don't own a Droid but this app works fine on my Motorola Atrix2. I am also glad that I can share the image and data that I've scanned thru several methods. I hope this holds up well.
@Heidi; You're hot you little sexpot. Mmmmmm.
Usually works well but could not focus on a code tonight. Kept trying to focus. Finally gave up trying to scan.
Excellent app
Since last update, doesn't read eadily qr codes...a shame...
Good app. Easy to use.
No probs after testing once. Hope its reliable.
Doesn't work with a crap.  Stupid auto focus never stops focusing so it can scan.  Waaaay too picky/sensitive. Not really useful/usable at all.
Easy to use,great app
It's pretty good i guess.
scanning image to server can be done for a short time. app is very cool. well I am happy with it.
I tried to scan a QR code on my computer screen and this worked within seconds unlike the other scanner app I downloaded before.
Does what it's supposed to do. Reading times are a bit painful though. I'd still say it's one of the best.
Download
Bit slow. But AD free is a thumbs up.
It will be focused then out of focus, then focused, then not.  I never scanned.  You are the weakest link, goodbye
This app is great! Now I can do things like get games from the internet onto my phone. This app works great but it is really kind of slow. The slowness is my only complaint
Great ap, does what it says on the tin, just dont think ill ever actually use it so i will be uninstalling. But happy with the ap
Plenty of options and well laid out
Doesn't seem to scan all codes.   About 1 out of 5. HTC Incredible.  Otherwise nice to create code.
If you need a QR code reader, download QR Droid for all of your QR-related needs.
Just got it. Seems to work great
This is really useful for making qr codes on the go (wish it would do barcodes as well, though).  I have a few issues. Firstly, like many other users, I find that the scanner is painfully slow sometimes, choosing to mess about with focusing instead of getting on with the job. Other scanners are much faster. Secondly, I have a QR code of my network ssid etc for people to scan. The scanner I usually use (by ZXING TEAM) offers to make the wireless connection, but QR Droid doesn't which rather defeats the object!  Lastly, and this goes for all apps that make and send contact details, why do I always have to separate first and last names manually? Grrr!   Overall, it's very good, but without a fix I can't recommend the scanner function.
Very useful, plus I've just discovered i can create my own codes!
Recently wont recognize XDA's QR....
Overall this is a really good application. The only problem I've had with it is sometimes it is difficult for it to read the QR Code or will be slow. But I still highly recommend this app!
A little bit slow when scan,
Easy scanning, easy QR code creator, qr clock widget is my fav with shortcuts to all qr functions.
Good. Easy to use. U can enter the code for a normal barcode but cant scan it.
This is a wonderful app. Does what it says and runs really smooth. Needs a different saving map for QR IMG. I can't find them in my photo maps.TIP FOR UPDATE.
This is a must have
Please get rid of blue writing in settings tab.  Its impossible to see. Would be magnificent if we could scan lottery ticket codes to check for winning tickets. Yes, my idea ! Thank You.
Thank you
Awesome features
I like it   Great
Justo g reat
Can be a little slow, but other than that really good
Just what I needed no more no less .
Why the update is 4 times in size the app? Solution: advertisers orders! Don't update!
Not everything comes up when scanned but still decent enough app for price comparisons and where to buy
Very useful app :)
Some items don't match the bar code.
Helpful
Picture, sms or a weblink . It can turn anything to a web code. It's friendly and robust. Helps me a lot.
Great program to develop codes
Sometimes it just won't scan but, when it does, it's ok.
works well.
Can't fault it so far.
Very usefull
Great app, but needs barcode scanner
The best app!!!
No real complaints, though I'd hope the next update reduces effect of having a shaky hand, :-D
Installs and works fine on HTC Incredible.  With Android 2.2, Webkit 3.1,  App. V3.9, V4.0.3.  Now using Android 2.3.4, Webkit 533.1, App. V4.0.3, V5.0.
amazing when used with the qr code extension on chrome
 qr code   ui  
Super do
This is the least stable app I've ever installed. It force closes EVERY TIME I try using it.
This is the least stable app I've ever installed. It force closes EVERY TIME I try using it.
very handy
very handy
This app works pretty good.  Does quick scans and I even used it to scan a QR on a monitor screen.  One of the best QR readers out there.
I like it.
Great app
Works perfectly! Well done!
Download this one. For sure!
Good app
very help full to get some detail directly.
Does the job :-)
It is very interesting app. I am waiting for update. I hope there are more options
camera doesnt work on ICS/Asus Transformer. Otherwise wonderful app.
Can't complain, does what its meant to with ease.
Decodes everything quickly and with more options than other apps of similar type. Sidekick4G.
Decodes everything quickly and with more options than other apps of similar type. Sidekick4G.
Great product.  easy to use and very responsive
Must install...
Use it all the time
Useful.
This app is pretty good. You would think that this stuff would be built into the Android OS, but this is worth having in your apps. It works well and the ability to share using an onscreen QR code is really cool.
Far out man cool app!!
Awesome QR reader. No issues with camera focus. And creating my own codes for contacts and other links is great. But I still need a seperate app to scan bar codes. . . Boo!
Accurate too
Works great but I hate the ads. Where's the paid version? I'd happily drop a few dollars on this.
Why does it need my personal information??!!!??!!
G
I'm loving it....
Its brilliant! What more needs to be said.
Works when you want to use it but seems to want to be used all the time..... opens itself randomly! Annoying, uninstall.
Was so-so on this, until I just found the settings for what the app does after scanning a code... making it SO much more useful!
Easy n fast! luv it.
Never had much luck with these type scanners but this 1 I found user friendly 4 sure.sure
Seems pretty good.
Works well easy to use.
Excellent app!
Neato
Very dissapointed. Froze my phone 4x in a row. Fix this bug, since it's not ICS friendly. (Samsung Galaxy)
Awesome
No problems with this app, YET...
Quick and easy......
Better than others...
Easy to use. Simply explained and useful, id defo recommend
This is nice app,you must use absoluate
If you include too much info in the QR code other devices many not be able to read it.
Great app, works really good.!
I love being able to scan QR codes when I'm out and about.  This works great, as long as the code you're scanning isn't too small.
It totally works!
Just dld n using on galaxy s2, opens webpages n recognises bar codes n book isbn. Nice app.
It's met and exceeded my expectations. Doubles my battery life.
Didn't no android phone's were capable of this
It does what it says on the tin. Good application!
good application
Works fine!
Was good for 1 time now it just zooms in and out
This app is relatively simple to use, however, it locks up foot periods when I can't get the camera scan to open on order to take a picture.
Okokokok
Best tool for we droid
Works faster than Google goggles.
Works well!!!
I've not used one of these before and now I see no need to try any other.
I've not used one of these before and now I see no need to try any other.
I have never tried any others but this one works great. Not a single problem.
Works great, not a perfect score because they made something so simple actually look complicated: ui could be better
Good app
Scans qr code but when you try to open the url, it mmediately closes the browser making scanning the code useless
love it
Well, the apparently that came with the phone sucked!  I just wanted to do a couple clicks and scan...  This apparently did that and much more!  I wish the app had options for opening such as:  App open with camera ready to scan a code...  If you mostly scan codes then just open the app then click... done.
Well, the apparently that came with the phone sucked!  I just wanted to do a couple clicks and scan...  This apparently did that and much more!  I wish the app had options for opening such as:  App open with camera ready to scan a code...  If you mostly scan codes then just open the app then click... done.
This app suggested I leave a comment after about a month of use. Works as advertised.
Haven't used it a whole lot yet really don't know what all can be done with this but so far so good
I love it! Wish we could remove ads for free though.
Great application.
Good
Good.
Does what it says and it works fine so far on Samsung galaxy s2.would 5star but have not had it long.
QRDroid is easy to use and self explanatory.   Great app for free.  Keep up the good work!!
Good ..app qr
I downloaded this app for school purposes and it works great! The only problem for me is creating a code. It seems to me you have to take an original one and do your own edits to it. It's quite fun to play around with.
App is decent, but would like to have it automatically save all qr codes scanned in for future use, if don't save manually. I haven't seen the ads that pop in the free ver, but could do w/o that "bonus".
i originally gave this ap a 1 star review however recieved response from the creato swiftly giving me a full run down of what was happening and how to fix it up, turns out i was missinterperating what i was being told in app.  great at what it does, a little bit (1 star) knocked off for the display not being optimised for tablets and for the warnings being placed at the bottom of the desciption
Easy to use & works great!
An app that does what it says!  No more no less.  Thank you
Just ok.
Works great
Does the job. Nice
Does the job. Nice
the time to scan is about what should be expected, but takes several scans to get the hang of  what distance to use. RECOMMEND HIGHLY
Perfect app. Hany and easy to use
Excellent application easy to use.
Very useful
Bad for old upc codes
Next Generation Barcode simplified!
and that's good enough for me
Very useful app. Go get one
Quick and easy way to scan both barcodes and QR codes.
Good stuff
Have used a few other QR readers. Like this one the best. Has more features than the others.
Always appreciate something new
Stable
Stable
I have the Droid Pro and it works everytime. Not a glitch! Thanks!
Good
Very good
This is easy to run others you have spend time focusing
Works awesome. Fascinate samsung 4G
Nice
Happy with this app.
Salute
Just a bit clearer on instructions and functionality and it would be perfect as it's not as intuitive as the developers might think!
I created an app for my company n it's very innovative!
Very usefull.
Accesses your browsing history and contacts!  Im not exposing family and friends to their marketing.  Uninstalling this otherwise good app.
quite good really, does what it should.
Perfect!
What do you want more?
could be easier to use but is very powerful
Good QR code system
Very helpful easy to use.
Like usability
Very good way of making QR bitmaps.
Does brilliantly what it says. Simple n easy
Absolutely wonderful! Does everything it should and efficiently!
Works extremely well. Took the author's advice about distance, and I have never had a problem. lg revo gingerVolt
Nice one...
Good user interface for beginners and plenty of features for more experienced users.
Read and create QR Codes works well! Code your world. GrowDojo
Works great. Be careful what you scan. Some scans are trojans.
Works well, but it could be a bit faster with a bit cleaner UI.
Very sensitive and fast. Easy to use.
Much better than others on galaxy SII i would give it 5 stars if it could scan regular bar code also
Worth trying
Works well
I wonder if it works...I give it a 1 only because there's no 0
It works great and quickly
I LOVE to scan QR codes so I needed an app that works as hard as I do!!!! Jackpot with QR DROID!!!
A QR code reader that has all the features I look for. Works great on a LG Revolution. Am still looking for a generator/decoder that allows tracking.
It's a good app, even though I don't use it very often and sometimes it can't read the code, say if the colours don't have enough contrast
Pokoke siiip laah...
Works without problems on my d3.
It's easy to use and very useful, especially for those who just need a simple app.
Does what it is supposed to.  Like the fact that I can create a QR Code out of any of my contacts, including mine.  Easiest way to share my details.
This is a good app
Very useful app for todays world. I use it with my mail and to quickly search all the time. Worth your time.
Worried about malicious QR codes that are becoming a problem. QR Droid gives you the option to be asked about sending personal information before you're directed to a site which is good. We'll see how well it works.
Super easy to install and use
Very helpful
But it disappears from my apps.
Cannot read colored qr code, that I have found in the GEICO magazine. I wander who is wrong, the app or the geico`s code is not standard...
... which seems to become rarer and rarer...
Easy to use. Recommend it.
The DROID QR worked better than Microsoft reader.  I like it!
Cool app.. One stop solution for decoding and generation. So far no issues.
Good.
Does what its supposed to and that works for me!
Easy install. Love the "box" guide on screen to size over QR. A bit tetchy till it "gets" the code.
Does what it says, easy to use qr scanner. Did not rate 5 because I question why it needs so many permissions. Seems like a privacy problem.
After a brief learning curve, I prefer their slightly different approach to that of other QR apps.
Easy way to share everything in QR Codes with this app
Very fast app, very convenient
Very handy. Works every time in every way.
Great Application....just what i needee!!!!!
The upgrade is very much like a whole new application with in itself.  The scanner is extremely accurate in finding its result's on the internet, etc.
Works good... But i dont like pop ups asking for rating
Does what it says
Not too fancy
Best code app I've downloaded!
Essential tool...
Good
Good and convenient application.
I keep this handy for my electronic business card, really everything, for my agency! Very useful!
Nice
It allows you to create your own tags unlike some of the other apps.
Good QR App. Easy to use. Good solid app that works with my OG Droid.
Easy to use, although that might want to consider a light version that only scans, thank for all the work.
Scans from a lot of sources, very useful!
I tried 4 free and paid ones and this is simply the Best!  Does it all!  Try it!  Should be on all smart phones!
Works great cant beat it.
Very useful app
Works very, very well. No drama.
Works great for DROIDX. I made my own business card.
Does exactly what it says it does .
I just can't fathem why you are able to read my contact info,  idk you nor trust you.
Great app!
Very good.
Works great on droid 2. Sometimes it takes a little while, but over all, very nice
Works perfectly.
The majority of the time(90%+) there are no issues scanning the codes with my HTC Desire. On occasion the software can't seen to decode the qr code.
No comment
Its a great app i m loving it!!!!
Nice way to share information.
Works well, easy to create codes
Downloaded this app a couple of days ago, tested it one a magazine that I had and it has no problem with it. Galaxy S2
Wonder what's in those mysterious bar codes of various types? Reads a bunch of 1D & 2D bar code formats besides QR. Most of the apps out there don't.
Until bow every qr code was read properly
App is great. But I hate ads
Seems to be a good solid app that does what it claims.
It is an easy to use scanner that delivers every time. Highly recommended
Used this app for about half a year without a single issue.
A real good app, its great that you can make them too
I'm happy with the functionality and ease of use.
This app seems to have more features than 'Barcode Scanner' but I don't find it to be as fast and convenient. So I'm sticking to Barcode Scanner for regular use, and keep this for special purposes.
The ability to create a shortcut on my home screen is awesome and saves me having to hunt down the right option in the application.
Works great
And easy to use!
Great app. Easy to use.
Great
Freezes me up on occasion but otherwise decent
Works great
Works great.
Works well. Easy to use.
Works well. Easy to use.
good
This is a great thing to have nowadays
Awesome app, user friendly and quick on my Droid- Nice!
It reads most codes pretty fast. Some it takes a minute, but I've never had any issues with it.
Works fine for most of the time! But with some bar codes it take longer time to read!
I like that all you need is one app to scan all QR codes, & create your own for business or whatever. Works on my android phone!
It's pretty cool
I have used this in stores, museums, and in looking at colleges for my daughter. It is great.  Sometimes a focusing issue, however.
Really useful app as many shops have the scan now but it very difficult to save the shop scans to the app should have a file on the app for it
Works good so far.
takes very less time to gather the info from the QR code.but the link takes longer to load in the browser though this may not be the app issue
Makes a good drop in replacement for Barcode Scanner, tons more features, shame about being bugged to leave comments.
Good app motorola atrix
Good app motorola atrix
Once you start the app just point the camera at the QR code and it detects it automatically. No guesswork
Does what it is supposed to do.
Nice work!
It works great EXCEPT everyday for the past two weeks it has reported that there is an update. I keep clicking update & then it says it is updated
Scans QR's using the camera and can scan saved QR's from messages or saved on my SD. Works perfectly on Desire HD, awesome!
Perfect, does what it says. Nice and fast, and very convenient. -HTC Thunderbolt
Easy to use. Works great on HTC incredible.
It works
Works well without taking up too much memory. Once read, the code makes available content quickly. Only down side is code has to be read perpendicular
Cool
After many searches n experiments.. found this to be the best-all-in-one application.. kudos
Ok
It lags during downloads but other than that.. It's a world shifter ^^
Does exactly what it should
Does exactly what it should
It's kinda cool to use this but I'm not sure that it's so much better than just going to the website.
It's kinda cool to use this but I'm not sure that it's so much better than just going to the website.
Exactly what I needed it
Works great so far!
No comment.
I like
I like
Best I've found! And I'm not kidding, I'm picky...and like all-in-one.
Simple, to the point. A must have.
Works great so far
Only QR scanner that has ever worked for me. Tried goggles and a few others. This is the one. ;) great work. Evo 4g and 2.3.4
Yet to scan a code.
You know what ppl? Simple works the best!!
Good app. Does what it's supposed to.
Works alright on a droid x
It didn't crash my phone.
Works as advertised. Phone position during scan a little tricky
I like this a lot..
Does the job and a nice little QR 'tool' as well!
Easy to use and has saved me loads time cos I scan a barcode and go back to it when I need to/remember! Definitely an app to have
It works.
This ap is helpful but sometimes the QR's don't always link up right.
This seems to be the *most* complete QR application. BUT STILL does not have the ability to use it as an input method. I know I am not the only one that wants this function. How come no developer can deliver? And no, I don't want a keyboard that has a scan function. I want a scanner that I can pull up in text box by long pressing and choosing it in "input methods". Is that too much to ask? 5 Stars once you get this feature. 6 Stars if I could. In fact, I'd pay $2.99 for this feature.
Very handy at times does what its supposed to do.
Handles all you code scanning needs. I especially like using it to scan items at the store to compare prices online
works good and it's very useful
Good sheeiitt
Easy to use.
It works when I go to use it . Interface is pretty straight forward .
I really like this app. It reads most things and gives me info right away. I have an EVO by HTC.
No troubles. Haven't had any problems reading codes off of screens, or other objects.
You could have an option to automatically populate fields with your contact information. Its a pain to have to always enter your info.
Best way to keep info hidden
I would rate higher if map also had sat view
I would rate higher if map also had sat view
Really great for writing QR codes. Very simple!
The best qr code reader
A program that does what its supposed to! Great!
Like it
This is definitely better than the barcode app I installed earlier. Its faster and more user friendly
used this app for installing the dropbox application QR code from net....its super quick n easy.....Rocking...
Love it!
Its so easy to use and saves everything in the history for you to use later...
Being able to generate codes is a bonus. Having added content that educate users about what QR codes are and how they work is very interesting.
Have not had a problem with this app!
Do not use often but when I do it does its job!
Great app... Works perfect
Verry user friendly! :) this us totally the way of the furure!!!! Well done android ;)
only one that i found that can read QRs straight from SD using a explorer manager app. Great job!
Always wanted a reader cause I seen so many codes. Now I got it and there r no codes around.... still love iit though. Sharring discreet info with fam
Works
Works great on EVO 4G
The only thing I have a problem with is that it seems to take awhile for it to scan from camera but other than that its good
Highly recommended app! No issues to-date.
QR Driod's UI is much cleaner and more intuitive than Quickmark; ESPECIALLY like the ability to easily make a shortcut icon of whatever you create
What da hell is this?
Works perfect and very easy to understand
This app dies lots of great things with QR codes. Reads the well and is one of the best at generating them.
Excellent addition to the DROID Arsenal
Works really well on Dell Streak (2.2.2). On line QR code generator is useful too.
Good app
Good app
App works with my Lg Apex
Well it scans all codes but the app is useless because it only tells the code read which does not yield any useful search results.
Reads tags very quickly!
Easy to use. No complaints.
Works as it should plus extras.
Works as it should plus extras.
Good but doesn't always tell you if you encounterrd an error or not Sometimes when you scan it didn't report why you didn't get the results.
Works well
I don't think it's ever been unable to read a qr.
Very good app
Works great .Period!
As a business person I find this application very useful and it does what it supposed to do. A dedicated button to print out the image is needed
Love it
It us really cool to be able to scan something and it take you to a website, or to send notes, etc
Great app but wont let me see contacts with just names and email. If they have phone number then they show up. But yes great app, love the features
Now friends can scan my contact easily.
Now friends can scan my contact easily.
Does what it says
Everything you need. Very few issues. Great app!
Everything you need. Very few issues. Great app!
Works great, even late!! -Samsung Vibrant 2.2
Works great, even late!! -Samsung Vibrant 2.2
I don't know if it's the camera in n1 or the app but it takes some time and steady hands to read QR codes. However, great for sharing info / apps
I don't know if it's the camera in n1 or the app but it takes some time and steady hands to read QR codes. However, great for sharing info / apps
This app is a solid. It doeswhat it claims and makes fairly straight forward to use. You do have to drill down into the settings to speed it up.
It works very well
Does what it says and has a fair and pretty intuitive interface. Recognition is very good IMO
If they would have kept the qr code generator I would have given it a 5 star rating
Does everything as advertised, pretty tight -Incredible + Really clean UI! :)
Does everything as advertised, pretty tight -Incredible + Really clean UI! :)
This app is great for creating QR codea and scanning them.
Good app, works like a charm only thing it can be slow 2 load sometimes
Not bad. I like it
Working great for me.
Working great for me.
Great and easy app to use! Absolutely no problems getting this to scan so far.
It could be 5 from me, but it's slow sometimes, and it keeps saying I have an available update when I don't, requiring a reinstall.
Excellent!
Excellent!
Easy to use no errors does what its supposed to without starting up all the time
More featured than most but can be hard to read the codes sometimes
Can not install update, keep getting error that it can not install on sd card but app is on the phone
It says there is an update available but i dont see a place to click so i can update it? It just has OPEN or UNINSTALL options?
It says there is an update available but i dont see a place to click so i can update it? It just has OPEN or UNINSTALL options?
I LOVE the update changes! This is THE best QR reader/ writer on Android! :D
:))
Wow this is the most amazing QR reader in android hands down! Love the new UI! Thanks!
Wow this is the most amazing QR reader in android hands down! Love the new UI! Thanks!
Una exelente actualizacin seria que se pudiera hacer una biblioteca con tus propios cdigos :-)
DROID pro worked on install no issues. Nice app
This is a great tool! And its fun, too!
It's a very good app. Works well for the Incredible S
It's a very good app. Works well for the Incredible S
It's a very good app. Works well for the Incredible S
It's a very good app. Works well for the Incredible S
It's a very good app. Works well for the Incredible S
Allows me to create my own codes and save to JPG or BMP! Best decoer/encoder!
Allows me to create my own codes and save to JPG or BMP! Best decoer/encoder!
Allows me to create my own codes and save to JPG or BMP! Best decoer/encoder!
Allows me to create my own codes and save to JPG or BMP! Best decoer/encoder!
Allows me to create my own codes and save to JPG or BMP! Best decoer/encoder!
I can get you any paid application on market for free, simply follow me on Twitter @JoyTheFranklin and let me know the game you need. Cheers!
Wouldn't work on my Droid X. Tried several different tags. It just keeps scanning over & over.
Wouldn't work on my Droid X. Tried several different tags. It just keeps scanning over & over.
Wouldn't work on my Droid X. Tried several different tags. It just keeps scanning over & over.
Wouldn't work on my Droid X. Tried several different tags. It just keeps scanning over & over.
does what it says on the tin
Easy to use, good result and preview. Nice to have apps for instant barcode generated.
The only thing that could improve would be the ability to manually select the error correction
The only thing that could improve would be the ability to manually select the error correction
It never scans any codes. Gets blurry and then clear, only to do it all over again
It never scans any codes. Gets blurry and then clear, only to do it all over again
It never scans any codes. Gets blurry and then clear, only to do it all over again
Yesterday I downloaded it and it wouldn't work. For some reason today it works perfectly
Yesterday I downloaded it and it wouldn't work. For some reason today it works perfectly
Yesterday I downloaded it and it wouldn't work. For some reason today it works perfectly
If your looking for an easy app to compare prices between stores in your area by scanning the barcode of the item with your camera I say use redlaser
If your looking for an easy app to compare prices between stores in your area by scanning the barcode of the item with your camera I say use redlaser
Took me awhile to get the camera function down (user error) solid app. Droid 2 Global
Works ok, sometimes has trouble scanning qr codes. Has more features than some other qr apps.
Very slick, well executed app. Don't see why it needs contact access, but still great.
its awesome! its so cool when it decode the things and tells you what website they are.
I just tried for apps but I must say it is really fast and easy to use.-- xperia arc
I just tried for apps but I must say it is really fast and easy to use.-- xperia arc
Very good QR scanner. Has been able to scan arcades in low light that other apps couldn't. You can manually turn on theft light when scanning.
This app is simple to use. It also detects the qr code quickly without any trouble.
This app is simple to use. It also detects the qr code quickly without any trouble.
This is a great way to share information among your own devices, in addition to decoding those 2D barcodes :-)
This is a great way to share information among your own devices, in addition to decoding those 2D barcodes :-)
This is the absolute perfect QR code reader. The fact it allows one to create codes is a bonus. EVO3D
This is the absolute perfect QR code reader. The fact it allows one to create codes is a bonus. EVO3D
Fast, efficient, easy to generate and decode in less than a minute. Takes you right to the website, address or info source!
If you need an app that can handle QR codes you could do a lot worse than this. A good app with a lot of source options.
I wish doctors receptionist would use this... I could take a picture of my next appointment.... imports directly to my calendar with prescription info
I wish doctors receptionist would use this... I could take a picture of my next appointment.... imports directly to my calendar with prescription info
I wish doctors receptionist would use this... I could take a picture of my next appointment.... imports directly to my calendar with prescription info
I wish doctors receptionist would use this... I could take a picture of my next appointment.... imports directly to my calendar with prescription info
I wish doctors receptionist would use this... I could take a picture of my next appointment.... imports directly to my calendar with prescription info
Easily store contacts, mails, urls and simple text. Can really fit many chars in txt recognition.
Easily store contacts, mails, urls and simple text. Can really fit many chars in txt recognition.
Easily store contacts, mails, urls and simple text. Can really fit many chars in txt recognition.
Very cool app. I love it and use it every chance I get. A must have app for every android!
Creating and scanning works flawlessly, allows shortcuts to specific functions for the home screen which I think is really useful. Scan time isn't always consistently short but it always does the job. Running on galaxy S2.
Creating and scanning works flawlessly, allows shortcuts to specific functions for the home screen which I think is really useful. Scan time isn't always consistently short but it always does the job. Running on galaxy S2.
Creating and scanning works flawlessly, allows shortcuts to specific functions for the home screen which I think is really useful. Scan time isn't always consistently short but it always does the job. Running on galaxy S2.
Creating and scanning works flawlessly, allows shortcuts to specific functions for the home screen which I think is really useful. Scan time isn't always consistently short but it always does the job. Running on galaxy S2.
Creating and scanning works flawlessly, allows shortcuts to specific functions for the home screen which I think is really useful. Scan time isn't always consistently short but it always does the job. Running on galaxy S2.
Very, very cool technology...dig it. Looking forward to using this app to it's full capacity, and intention.
Good for codes but pops up every time you hold search button very annoying (wildfire)
Love it works even when you least expect it to ie. My hospital bracelets it astonished me
Has plenty of good features..
Best generator I have used yet... Not the best scanner... But still gr8.... Won't scan from a saved photo on my phone... Files 2 large....
Best generator I have used yet... Not the best scanner... But still gr8.... Won't scan from a saved photo on my phone... Files 2 large....
Ads are nonobtrusive, and the app is quick.
Works good. Just h aad hard time getting the phone to focus. Fixed it by making sure all the other things the camera saw were the same distance.
Works good. Just h aad hard time getting the phone to focus. Fixed it by making sure all the other things the camera saw were the same distance.
EXCELLENT APPS. LIKE IT |||||||||||||||||||| \\\\\\\\\\\\[[[[\\\\]]]]] ==================== 
Works on Samsung Galaxy Tab except the flashlight doesn't work to turn on the LED light.
Works on Samsung Galaxy Tab except the flashlight doesn't work to turn on the LED light.
Awesome QR reader, can read codes and allow you to pick appropriate action like open URL in browser or add event to calander.
Awesome QR reader, can read codes and allow you to pick appropriate action like open URL in browser or add event to calander.
Awesome QR reader, can read codes and allow you to pick appropriate action like open URL in browser or add event to calander.
It sometimes has trouble focusing on close-up codes but otherwise it's a fantastic tool! It even reads UPC codes!
Works well, although tried to scan my hospital tag and it simply came up with loads of nonsense numbers and letters, akin to a programming language?
When it works it does what it should. I just find it hard to use.
When it works it does what it should. I just find it hard to use.
Great little app that I go to first whenever I find a QR code that I want to read.
Does not work well Cant read all Q.R. codes, & User interface is a bit awkward to use if these issues were to be sorted out then I would give a rating
Does not work well Cant read all Q.R. codes, & User interface is a bit awkward to use if these issues were to be sorted out then I would give a rating
Not working on desire at all. Wont decode pics or work on cam.... Its on a taco bell cup that specifically says QR code...
Not working on desire at all. Wont decode pics or work on cam.... Its on a taco bell cup that specifically says QR code...
Not working on desire at all. Wont decode pics or work on cam.... Its on a taco bell cup that specifically says QR code...
This app is cool. I saw it on the news and I was just amazed how easy and cool it was so I downloaded it.
This app is cool. I saw it on the news and I was just amazed how easy and cool it was so I downloaded it.
Dead easy to use. Put a shortcut to the droid camera on your home screen and you are away laughing!
Wt?only d blackberry's on tv can do?wrong! Android is no less.lg optimus 1.giv it 5stars.
Wt?only d blackberry's on tv can do?wrong! Android is no less.lg optimus 1.giv it 5stars.
Wt?only d blackberry's on tv can do?wrong! Android is no less.lg optimus 1.giv it 5stars.
Very Nice. Loads of options. No need for thought.simple and easy as they should be.
Had to hold my phone at a funny angle. keeps trying to focus. But it is working fine now.
Its actually really fun to use, would have been better if the adverts hadn't of gotten in the way a few times.
Main drawback is searching by product barcode (eg. groceries) usually brings up failed results.
It is a very good app for some reson. Even fun it takes 2sec to make a 2d barcode and share it
It is a very good app for some reson. Even fun it takes 2sec to make a 2d barcode and share it
Definitely met my expectation. Works fine! Reads and creates QR codes fast and keeps it simple. You can even send a picture to it from your gallery...
Works well when I can get it to recognize a code. Most of the time blue dots just keep jumping all over the screen. Not sure if it's my camera or the app.
I paid for the ad remove code but never received it. Now in dispute with pay pal to get my money back... waste of time what a rip off... Don't Pay for a code.
I paid for the ad remove code but never received it. Now in dispute with pay pal to get my money back... waste of time what a rip off... Don't Pay for a code.
Does what it's supposed to do: scan the barcode thingy and take you to the related website.
this app works great...(Zio)
Works well, the only problem is make sure the program is not running in the background when you are doing other things or your battery is dead.(Aria)
I've only use this app for a couple of days now, and so far I love it.
I've only use this app for a couple of days now, and so far I love it.
Not crazy about these codes, wish there was just download links but this app works great.
Not crazy about these codes, wish there was just download links but this app works great.
Not crazy about these codes, wish there was just download links but this app works great.
Not crazy about these codes, wish there was just download links but this app works great.
I downloaded this because I wanted a QR reader, but this turned out to be significantly more. Reads and generates all forms of QR. Excellent.
It works and I will be using it to make my very own. Wait to get my site showing it!
This and ShopSavvy are the only scanner apps I found that support my flash which makes scanning much easier.
Tried scanning QR codes tons of times but each time it would just keep trying to get it into focus
I agree a with previous comment that the scanning process isn't very obvious, but this is by far the best qr scanner that I have yet found.
Havent had any problems. I guess its my stupidity but it took me a long time to figure out how to scan...but otherwise no problems
Havent had any problems. I guess its my stupidity but it took me a long time to figure out how to scan...but otherwise no problems
Havent had any problems. I guess its my stupidity but it took me a long time to figure out how to scan...but otherwise no problems
Gives back no results plus I had to guess how to use it horrible. .
This doesn't work as well as others at SCANNING a QR code. This app is presumably best at creating codes but I haven't tried that yet.
This doesn't work as well as others at SCANNING a QR code. This app is presumably best at creating codes but I haven't tried that yet.
Anybody who says this app doesn't work is trying to scan the wrong kind of code. Works perfectly.
Downloaded it to take qr code pics when reading about apps... worked flowlessly, but used only once so far.
Downloaded it to take qr code pics when reading about apps... worked flowlessly, but used only once so far.
Downloaded it to take qr code pics when reading about apps... worked flowlessly, but used only once so far.
Downloaded it to take qr code pics when reading about apps... worked flowlessly, but used only once so far.
Downloaded it to take qr code pics when reading about apps... worked flowlessly, but used only once so far.
Downloaded it to take qr code pics when reading about apps... worked flowlessly, but used only once so far.
Downloaded it to take qr code pics when reading about apps... worked flowlessly, but used only once so far.
Downloaded it to take qr code pics when reading about apps... worked flowlessly, but used only once so far.
Want to open URL using Firefox instead of built-in browser. Otherwise great.
I guess I'm totally a dingbat cuz I'm not sure what its supposed to do.
I guess I'm totally a dingbat cuz I'm not sure what its supposed to do.
Works well. Lots of ways to generate QR codes. Get it, and get creative with your business. #QrCodeEvangelist
It scanned but after installation it jacked up my phone after each use. Constantly caused it to reboot uninstalled and phone is back to normal-droid x
It scanned but after installation it jacked up my phone after each use. Constantly caused it to reboot uninstalled and phone is back to normal-droid x
It scanned but after installation it jacked up my phone after each use. Constantly caused it to reboot uninstalled and phone is back to normal-droid x
Works well, but I would like the option to have the app open a link as soon as it scans. I would also like to return to the scanner after opening link
All I get is info without ability to "scan" anything. Too bad I can't rate it a ZERO. using droid X
My Samsung was left out b/c of OS, NOT ANYMORE! & WHAT FUN DECODING! Just genius! My phone is "smart" & Droid worthy once again! LOVE THIS! & funny to read reviews of some that didn't get it to "open". I started w/simple trade app & now have the entire world! This is best app ever!! Keep up the codes!
I can't find my vcard but I did just get this app. Have not played with it much yet!
I can't find my vcard but I did just get this app. Have not played with it much yet!
Works rather nice. The only reason i am not giving it 5 stars, is that the UI is kind of crap.
Works rather nice. The only reason i am not giving it 5 stars, is that the UI is kind of crap.
Sucks won't focus or scan codes. Maybe its my error but since there is no info what to do I'll never know.
Great app it does what its suppose to bug I don't understand the point of a QR codes
Awesome app. Very easy to use. Don't even need instructions to be able to use it
Awesome app. Very easy to use. Don't even need instructions to be able to use it
I first came across this on a PC and found it to be great for so many uses, then I came across this in the market place it great on to Galaxy S. dcsi.
I first came across this on a PC and found it to be great for so many uses, then I came across this in the market place it great on to Galaxy S. dcsi.
A little tough to learn but once I get it figured out I think it will be great
A little tough to learn but once I get it figured out I think it will be great
Iv had wildfire 6 months tried 1000's iv apps but did get to try this until yestaday didn't think is like it I was wrong I love it top apps
Works as advertised. Love that it can decifer QRs from almost anywhere. missing for me is ability to generate WiFi login. Otherwise complete
Can't scan a barcode image with a Moto Milestone. Android 2.2. My camera might be the cause though. I don't know.
I have never NOT gotten it to scan a code from my Galaxy S, but sometimes I've had to fudge the distance or clean up the image for better scanning
I have never NOT gotten it to scan a code from my Galaxy S, but sometimes I've had to fudge the distance or clean up the image for better scanning
I have never NOT gotten it to scan a code from my Galaxy S, but sometimes I've had to fudge the distance or clean up the image for better scanning
I have never NOT gotten it to scan a code from my Galaxy S, but sometimes I've had to fudge the distance or clean up the image for better scanning
Love the application. I just take a picture of the barcode. I find that to be the easiest way.
Love the application. I just take a picture of the barcode. I find that to be the easiest way.
Love the app just wish the flashlight would work with the samsung acclaim. 4 out of 5 stars
Love the app just wish the flashlight would work with the samsung acclaim. 4 out of 5 stars
Love the app just wish the flashlight would work with the samsung acclaim. 4 out of 5 stars
Doesn't feel very user friendly. I need something I can use quick without a learning curve.
Works great with creating QR Codes but hang a little trouble scanning. Still five stars all the way. Great app!!!!
Works great with creating QR Codes but hang a little trouble scanning. Still five stars all the way. Great app!!!!
It does nt open my saved pictures to be decoded. Otherwise a good app. Galaxy s
It does nt open my saved pictures to be decoded. Otherwise a good app. Galaxy s
Like this app enough I feel it important enough to rate! Good job! -- Nexus S
After downloading and extensively testing all the available free barcode and QR code scanners, this one is definitely the best.
After downloading and extensively testing all the available free barcode and QR code scanners, this one is definitely the best.
After downloading and extensively testing all the available free barcode and QR code scanners, this one is definitely the best.
After downloading and extensively testing all the available free barcode and QR code scanners, this one is definitely the best.
After downloading and extensively testing all the available free barcode and QR code scanners, this one is definitely the best.
Really great functionality and complete app. I'm afraid there are some power drainage issues though. Tired of force closing, I'll need a substitute.
Really great functionality and complete app. I'm afraid there are some power drainage issues though. Tired of force closing, I'll need a substitute.
This app is really good! It allows you to view videos and info via the QR (the QR looks a bit like a barcode).
Works like a charm! Just snap a photo of the barcode and "POOF" it will show you the URL or translated barcode number.
Works like a charm! Just snap a photo of the barcode and "POOF" it will show you the URL or translated barcode number.
Went to old navy and needed this AP. It uploaded quickly a d worked perfectly. And I am not a tech-savvy person.
Went to old navy and needed this AP. It uploaded quickly a d worked perfectly. And I am not a tech-savvy person.
Went to old navy and needed this AP. It uploaded quickly a d worked perfectly. And I am not a tech-savvy person.
It works great and has saved me money. It doesnt do barcodes and not all products have the symbol yet. Other than that it is awesome!
It works great and has saved me money. It doesnt do barcodes and not all products have the symbol yet. Other than that it is awesome!
Bug found in app created n saved url image can not be decoded due to too many data... have to use other reader or open from history file.
Bug found in app created n saved url image can not be decoded due to too many data... have to use other reader or open from history file.
Bug found in app created n saved url image can not be decoded due to too many data... have to use other reader or open from history file.
Love being able to do long press on Search key on my HTC Desire to get instant access.
Doesnt work at all. No glare. Perfect picture, or holding it from of the camera. Dont waste your time
I had this app when I had Andoid 2.1. But now on Froyo i can't install it (not supported). Samsung I5500.
These [QRimages] are notorious for their being difficult to get working properly for some reason. This application is good to have & works great!
These [QRimages] are notorious for their being difficult to get working properly for some reason. This application is good to have & works great!
Amazingly well done. Wish there were more apps this well made on the market. Bang up work.
I was looking for a reliable scan app. I am really impressed with everything else this app. has. Droid X
When I scanned it would go to unwanted ads, and asked if I wanted to purchase a code. Did not like
When I scanned it would go to unwanted ads, and asked if I wanted to purchase a code. Did not like
When I scanned it would go to unwanted ads, and asked if I wanted to purchase a code. Did not like
So far it's working great, only used it a couple of times, no problems yet on froyo samsung vibrant
Pretty flipping nifty app. Only think that would make it better is of you could convert images into codes
Very nice program! Conveniently create your own QR Code for your friends to scan instead of type in!
Works well! Easy installation and use, just needs a little help reading in some cases...remember to use the light option if you have it!
The camera wouldn't take the picture after 30 sec. Of focusing. Sorry but it's a dud. Samsung intercept
The camera wouldn't take the picture after 30 sec. Of focusing. Sorry but it's a dud. Samsung intercept
The camera wouldn't take the picture after 30 sec. Of focusing. Sorry but it's a dud. Samsung intercept
Does a great job of scanning codes, but by God it chews up my battery. Permanently the second-highest juice user on battery info.
Does a great job of scanning codes, but by God it chews up my battery. Permanently the second-highest juice user on battery info.
I immediately recognized the QR code in the Stephen Colbert Friday skit. My droid with this app did not. Failure. Nice interface, though
I immediately recognized the QR code in the Stephen Colbert Friday skit. My droid with this app did not. Failure. Nice interface, though
Works every time without any problems. I also Luke that you can make your own. My friends like to send messages to each other with it. :-)
This is a great app! I had the Microsoft tag reader app first, and it doesn't even compare
Great app. I only wish the geo location could be pulled from my GPS...other than that is awesome.
Great app. I only wish the geo location could be pulled from my GPS...other than that is awesome.
Good but setup of main screen could be better but other than than that pretty good
Good but setup of main screen could be better but other than than that pretty good
Amusing. I have no practical use, but it is fun to play with. App works great with no technical issues.
Will not work on Motorola Flipside. Camera does not focus on objects up close. Not the fault of app, phone's problem.
I only gave it four stars because I havent used all of the features yet.
I just didn't scroll down far enough. Sorry!
I just didn't scroll down far enough. Sorry!
I just didn't scroll down far enough. Sorry!
I just didn't scroll down far enough. Sorry!
I just didn't scroll down far enough. Sorry!
Great application. Really likes it than the built in application which came with my phone
Great application. Really likes it than the built in application which came with my phone
Didn't really work for me.. rooted Cliq/no netfilter. I was able to connect a client but no internet access.. maybe nat probs. Also no wep.
Didn't really work for me.. rooted Cliq/no netfilter. I was able to connect a client but no internet access.. maybe nat probs. Also no wep.
*Re-Instaled. This APP is prerfect to Gen/Dec from anything & as a Sharing tool. Doesn't price scan but, Can search. After all is a QR Dec -S.Moment
Best QR code reader in my opinion. Has alot of options and i have never had any issues with it. HTC Wildfire
Ive tried tonnes, this may not have the snazziest UI but it has the most functionality
Ive tried tonnes, this may not have the snazziest UI but it has the most functionality
I love it. I use it far more then I ever thought I would. HTC incredible
Pretty good App, but I have come across a number of QR that could not be properly deciphered. Using HTC Desire.
Pretty good App, but I have come across a number of QR that could not be properly deciphered. Using HTC Desire.
Really useful and easy to use, it's a little slow with the lg gw620 with cyanogen mod
Works really well and has loads of functionality. Only thing I don't like is the interface. Could be much more cleaner, pro and user-friendly. *DHD
Works really well and has loads of functionality. Only thing I don't like is the interface. Could be much more cleaner, pro and user-friendly. *DHD
Works really well and has loads of functionality. Only thing I don't like is the interface. Could be much more cleaner, pro and user-friendly. *DHD
Works great! The only thing that would be better is support for larger QR barcodes to hold more data. It will create them but has issues reading them.
Works great! The only thing that would be better is support for larger QR barcodes to hold more data. It will create them but has issues reading them.
Works great! The only thing that would be better is support for larger QR barcodes to hold more data. It will create them but has issues reading them.
Fastest working QR decoder I have seen. Wish it had an option to auto launch links after scanning.
Solid app. Does not need access to contacts and browser history though. Fix for 5 stars...
Tastes great, less filling. Does everything it's supposed to do, and doesn't crash.
Tastes great, less filling. Does everything it's supposed to do, and doesn't crash.
Tastes great, less filling. Does everything it's supposed to do, and doesn't crash.
Other tag app would not work, but this one registers quite quick. Haven't exactly figured out how to make them yet tho. Captivate!
Does what it is supposed to do. Looked at my battery use out of curiosity, one scan was responsible for 33% of my battery use.
Easy to use and can scan from most surfaces without problem. Definitely a good user friendly experience!
I was going make the suggested $1.50 donation, after clicking on donate, the smallest resulting amount was $2.50. Bait and switch is wrong.
I was going make the suggested $1.50 donation, after clicking on donate, the smallest resulting amount was $2.50. Bait and switch is wrong.
I was going make the suggested $1.50 donation, after clicking on donate, the smallest resulting amount was $2.50. Bait and switch is wrong.
Works grate on android apex so far no problems scans bar codes better then barcode scanner
Works grate on android apex so far no problems scans bar codes better then barcode scanner
Works grate on android apex so far no problems scans bar codes better then barcode scanner
Still learning how to use this, but I like that I can code passwords and such
App ia fine, being coerced into paying to remove ads is not. If you're going to charge got the app, be upfront about it, don't make me opt out with a
App ia fine, being coerced into paying to remove ads is not. If you're going to charge got the app, be upfront about it, don't make me opt out with a
App ia fine, being coerced into paying to remove ads is not. If you're going to charge got the app, be upfront about it, don't make me opt out with a
App ia fine, being coerced into paying to remove ads is not. If you're going to charge got the app, be upfront about it, don't make me opt out with a
App ia fine, being coerced into paying to remove ads is not. If you're going to charge got the app, be upfront about it, don't make me opt out with a
App ia fine, being coerced into paying to remove ads is not. If you're going to charge got the app, be upfront about it, don't make me opt out with a
App ia fine, being coerced into paying to remove ads is not. If you're going to charge got the app, be upfront about it, don't make me opt out with a
Does everything I want with ease.
Got everything i need!
Great app, can't fault it!!
Won't. Scan
No issues at all.
Working great on my HTC Sensation!
Great App. It would be nice if it could generate a complete vcard like the qr code generator web site with address, postal code, organization, etc.
One of the best QR app out there. Full of functionality and everything is easily accessible.
I uninstalled this and went for QR BARCODE SCANNER cos this one wouldn't read a barcode and the other one would
This app is great. Works perfectly n quick to scan. Uninstalled one other app n installed this one. Saved no problem so far. Provides list of customizable options. Great work
I love that it is ad free!!! Awesome functionality!! Scans quick. Problems of previous version have been addressed.
Best reader yet. Thanks!
Does what I need it to
No complaints.  Always works. You've got to have this App.
Good
Does what it says. Better than any I've tried. Amazon price check is good too.
Does what it says. Better than any I've tried. Amazon price check is good too.
Love this app!!
Use extensively for a not-for-profit museum so people can get more information about displays and exhibits.  Thanks
Iv been using this for a while, it works well for me, c summat on my laptop dat i want on fone jst qr scan it n bingo got it
Simply, I love this app and use it all the time.
I use this all the time. Great app!  Easy to use!
scanscan
Awesome
Works well, but doesn't respect default app selection.
Does what I've wanted it to
No negatives thus far. Love it!
Great tool I've ever used! So far no problems!
I don't think so... It's fully functional imo. Runs great uploads, r immediate. No problems or complaints here,  Iuse the crap out of  nit so should every one else..
Standard.
Exvellent         Km.
I only just started using this app recently,yes I know I'm late. Turns out though that it's incredibly easy and anyone can use it.
...
Rooted Razr
Should be able to retrieve saved qr codes from within app.
Its really a amazing application. Advanced technology in our finger tip.
It is a good app if u are looking for houses
Like a warrior said..ip man
Great app!
Great app!
ooooook
Love it and no ad's
Works great and has very good supporting features. I tried 3 others before but this one is for me the best I found. Two thumbs up!
Good better than some others.
Evo. Like it! It can take a bit to scan but not enough to bother me one bit
Even though it "can" take a few seconds to "lock in", It's terrific!  The only thing I would update is for the app NOT to "remember" the last scan as soon as the app opens. It's a little bit of a pain to have to back out of the app 1 or 2 times to get it to default to the scanning function, but it's still VERY worth 5 stars!
Nice app....
Works as expected.
Superb
The best, by far.
Nice one!
Does what its supposed to. Only problem is it has to either be good lighting or have a flash.
Works well
Works well
Jhakas
Works just as advertised! Keep up the great work!
I love this app. It has everything you need to use QR codes. Easy to create, decode, store and share your codes.
Great job scanning squares
I was writing an article on how to create QR codes for your resume and this program does it best out of 7 tools I tried.
great app that convenient for me to get information i need about the product i want to buy !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Does what it says with ease and simplicity. Scans bar codes as well as QR codes and even allows you to make your own QR codes. No matter what anyone says about other QR scanners or just scanners in general, this one is the best hands-down! I only have one complaint and that is that I don't like the UI but that is neither here nor there in terms of this app's service.
Allows you to scan codes but also create and encode links and codes.
Great
Great
Ilove it it's soon easy-to-use and it's cool
Works very well and a very useful tool.
Simple interface, and the only barcode app you need! Versatile, quick scanning, and allows users to create a large variety of codes on the fly.
Excellent app. Works ok.
It works great,especially helpful at estate sales, to identity paintings, music,etc.It doesn't authenticate paintings,what do ya want from a free app?
Best app for qr
Love how it quickly reads codes... none compares. Great job!
Very good okay
Greatest person to have ever lived!
I noticed when i went to share a pic from my gallery,there was all the normal options such as share via Bluetooth or facebook. Then i saw a huge section of chinese symbols! Like maybe 30 secs worth of scrolling. I bet u can guess which app was the culprit. Uninstalled
Love it
Easy to use!
Cool
.
The best qr app as by far. .... I like it
Thanks for such a wonderful app
Use this all the time.
Use this all the time.
Great application. Recent bad update was quickly fixed
I like it!!!
Not all baffled scanners are created equal.
Not all baffled scanners are created equal.
Search*
Ottima app, perfetta davvero!
Great app
Does exactly what it says on the tins
Does the job and is very intuitive. Love it.
Quick and comprehensive.
Quick and comprehensive.
Iv been using it for long time. It's doing well.
Love this app. The best barcode scanner at the market. Fun things
Great app!
5 stars works great on my DROID Razor MAXX.
Been able to compare price for thing in shops with this, v.gd
Auto focus is your phones problem. Back up and your camera will focus, everyone has bad macro.
This app was great in the first place but with it being ad free makes it even better!
Thank you Helena
Thank you Helena
Works great. Very useful for just fun or serious business. Epic 4G touch ICS
Whenever im on da road and don't have any business cards I can just show them my qr contact code.
the iPhone Repair Guy
Decodes well...
Great App. Use it for my business.
Nice one :-)
It was awesome..
It always scans the QR codes correctly. And all the other functions work brilliantly, especially the 1D barcode scanner.
I love vindesignz service. Very fast and reliable.
I love vindesignz service. Very fast and reliable.
It is what it is. Has tons of features and works great.
Very user friendly, practical and useful. Many thanks to developers
awesome app to tell share imformation across the globe using a pattern
Simple an easy
Easy to use...
Its a bit slow but its still great!!
Very good one
Nice
Love this app!
Works just like it should.
On the other hand there is too much of functionality for a random user like me.
@Heidi; You're hot you little sexpot. Mmmmmm.
Best QR app I have used... Keep it up
Great app! It functions as described. I am very satisfied.
Google Voice can call home phones for free. What is better about Skype?
Simple, reliable and effective !
Excellent
It's a really educational and helpfull tool
Great
Great
Great
Use this app every time I need quick info in barcode
Works great definitely worth it
App worked first try and gave me correct mobile web site. AWESOME THANKS. :- D
Marvelous
Solves all your QR Codes needs
An excellent app! I have tried many, and this is by far the best for my needs. It also links with other apps that I use. Very handy to create a QR code with my business card details too.
An excellent app! I have tried many, and this is by far the best for my needs. It also links with other apps that I use. Very handy to create a QR code with my business card details too.
Its good get i
Love it
Great to transfer contacts DROID phone.
Great to transfer contacts DROID phone.
This app is amazing
Nice
It's great for a newbie like  me to use. LOVE IT 10 STARS**********
Very good app, will do all kinds of task.  One of the best apps I've found.  This is the way of the future
Did its job perfectly. Scanned my airheads ticket and now I might win a chance to meet Big Time Rush :) lol
Developers I just wanted to say great work, decoding of qr codes is superb option
Does exactly what it says.
Excellent scan times. Good functions like creating your own qr codes.
does exactly what it says
Works well on HTC one v so far good
I have used 20+ qr apps and qr droid is the best, most functional app available.
It's doing gr8 what it should do
I like that I can make my own QR codes.
Works great with Droid X2. Thanks
Works great
This app works very well on my phone. I use it a lot & I'm really pleased with it.
Excellent app would not be without it a must have for every mobile user
Works excellent, creating your own qr codes is really easy to do.
This is an excellent app. There are plenty of options to explore. I am  not at all dissapointed in any way with QR Droid & the absolute lack of advertisements is just another bonus. karmashadow.
This truly deserves two thumbs up!!
Since last update, doesn't read eadily qr codes...a shame...
Does exactly what it says on the tin (play store). Thanks
love it
Just works
La integracin es buensima y rpida :)
La integracin es buensima y rpida :)
The app that i really need ... Free and no ads
It's sad that this seems to have stopped working.  I  can barely get It to scan a QR code.  Mobitag and the US post office app work faster.  I'll keep It on my phone to generate QR codes only as that is all It's good for now
It's sad that this seems to have stopped working.  I  can barely get It to scan a QR code.  Mobitag and the US post office app work faster.  I'll keep It on my phone to generate QR codes only as that is all It's good for now
Brilliant I downloaded other apps for this but I cud never make a qr code on them. Well done
Simple
Nice interface. Very slow and finicky scanning. Other scanners are quite a bit better.
I love this app
Extremely easy to use! Very versatile.
Great
Worth getting.  This app has taught me that QR codes are some things we should all be aware of for any marketing and networking.  Great work!
Worth getting.  This app has taught me that QR codes are some things we should all be aware of for any marketing and networking.  Great work!
Nice
Easy to learn
The clock widgets are cool and gave me an excuse to uninstall seperate ones, but could they get some options like 24 hour time?
Excellent app, very useful and handy. Every update adds new functionalities making it one of, if not The, most complete software there is for creating, editing and customizing Qr codes.
Exellent
Its a must have apps in your mobile very usefull
Good
Great apps
I wish had this when I was in. School so I can secret code to my class
Super free app. I love it.
App
App
This is where its at.
The flexibility is superb. Being able to just bring up a previously created QR code and share it INSTANTLY with another smartphone user saves time.  I'd give it one more star if I could.
After 5 minutes of holding my phone trying to get this app to scan a Q code it was still trying to focus. I exited and immediatly uninstalled
Great and simple!
Good for generating QR codes on your phone, but the scanner NEVER works.
Great
Just ad support made look a but UNCOMFORTABLE on small screen, rest is cool
Just ad support made look a but UNCOMFORTABLE on small screen, rest is cool
Grt apo
Thats all i can say
Very comprehensive we app.  Use it nearly every day.  Very well worth installing
Does what its needs to do no.fuss
Great app .  Found it very useful
Useless app. Takes over a  minute to scan if it does work but usually just refuses to recognize any codes.
If you have a focus problem just pull back and go in again. Not really that slow considering what is powering it. SGT 10.1
I love this app! Im having the QR Code it generated with my info printed on the hard business cards that all the oldtimers insist on having.
Does what it's supposed to do. Reading times are a bit painful though. I'd still say it's one of the best.
Never stops trying to focus. Unable to use it.
Powerful. Flexible.
Powerful. Flexible.
This is not slow app, your smartphone is slow. Great app!
Ish
Lol
Few crashes and it allows me create qr codes as well. I only wish you could scan uploaded images.
Love this app.
Check
I like it
Hi its great
Great functionality, thanks.
This app is great! Now I can do things like get games from the internet onto my phone. This app works great but it is really kind of slow. The slowness is my only complaint
Just as advertised. Not bad at :)
Best app
Really helps and works perfectly fine, good app to just have on your phone
Truly 5 star
Scanning
I have tried almost all of qr apps in google play on my old Galaxy S. This one runs smoothly, offers many features such as creating QR codes. It's free and there's no annoying ad. Million thanks to creators.
I couldn't stop myself from giving this 5 stars.Never really cared to rate the apps.but this really impressed me!!!!
Added bonus of being able top create.
El mejor scanner de codigos que he tenido.
El mejor scanner de codigos que he tenido.
Love it!!
Great
Fun to play around with.
Great app. Does everything it says it does.
Very goood...just takes a while to read the codes...but other than that....its great
Don't work
Good look and feel good options.
Nice
Read and create, runs fine. All good
Nice app.....samsung gtab 10.1
Best QR reader I've seen.
Simple and quick
This is the perfect accessory to have when scanning those qr codes. Works like a charm. It also has a variety of ways to keep the application handy.
Can't do without my QRdroid. This is my second install since I  upgraded to a new HTC. Brilliant app thanks guys!
This is by far the best QR reader i found so far.
I love this app its awesome.
Excellent. I downloaded this hoping it had an option to use the LED, and it did.
This app has been helpful
This is amazing!!!!!
Pretty cool, i love it great 1'd it
Always reliable! Love it! Saved me $$!
O melhor
So far, this is the most functional QR code scanner I have found.   No extraneous bells, whistles, or bugs.
thanks for this.very good.ad-free app
Just great.
Nice app
Very good
Recently wont recognize XDA's QR....
Works just perfect!
This is the best QR reader/writer on the android store. All of the different QR exports are amazing.
I haven't actually scanned anythin yet but making my contact into a qr 4 ma m8s 2 scan n get ma details is amazing! Xx
Im so glad I have it
I wanted it for a few things and it did what it said it would.
Make your live easier  Loool
The best QR scanner out there, there is nothing this application can't do.
For what it's designed to do.
Fantastic works great just like I read.
Next  Super app I liked a lot
Great app...works fine Droid Bionic
Doesn't read the barcodes
Good.
I love this app!!!!!!!
Worked fine until last update. Now won't scan a thing... :-(
Love this app
Es muy Buenos y pinto
If you don't know how to use QR Droid, you can read in-app help or write to info@droid.la. Most common problem is not leaving enough distance between the device and the code, so the camera can focus. Some devices need as much as 3ft / 1m.
Works great
Works 100%
Works 100%
Does exactly what it was designed for.
Super easy to use to discover more info about your favorite products
Why this app requires to read browser history and bookmarks????? Why it requires to read contacts data???? Suspicious!! Uninstalled!!
S2
a huge one this app is good
Awesome
:-)
Easy to use
Like it a great app.
Does what it's suppose to without any problems
Really great app
Good apps
I just love it, u know ^^
Great for smart phone
This app has come in handy thanks for making it and free
Cool!!!!
Can't recommend enough, will produce, scan and read all in one app. Only one thing would make it better, the option to create multi colour codes.
X-LENT APP!!!!!!!!!!
Liking it!
Exellent
Trying to figure out how to make my phone number or email address appear as encrypted  qr code when sharing a msg as qr code.
Really nice app!  The app has a little issue. It can't recognise URLs with non-standard LTDs in QRCode like "domain.lan". I miss that feature a lot! If you feel like me please ask for that and the devs would consider to add that feature.
good
Very simple but oh so very useful!
i've used many...i personally like this one
Fez made me get this app, I love Fez!!
Thnx for this great app.
(sp?) ndb
i like this app so much :x
Thanks 4 making the app ad-free for all ur loyal users.
Baba Booey
This app is genius! It can easily create and read QR code which contains encrypted text.   It's a handy way to keep sensitive info in convenient places and have it accessible via QR Droid.   A couple of weak aspects:   There no mention of the quality of encryption.   The encryption process is a leeetle scruffy. The generated title for the encrypted QR code is the begining of the pre-encrypted text. There should be an option to set the passkey for an encryption session (rather than keep reentering it)
Very useful app :)
Perfect app
Great app!!
Helpful
Helpful
Love it. And now ads free
This app came in very handy when we recently bought a new tv. The guy at Best Buy looked a little uncomfortable but being able to get immediate reviews helped us makes a better purchase! Thank you, thank you!
I like to look @ the galaxy it's good to have.
All in one package, to read and create. Intuitive and logical, start up fast.
works well.
Cool app!
Top app and simple to use
Do not understand why this app needs to read my contacts and browser history ...  Removed ... I'll use another app
DroidLa - the creators of Apps of perfection !!!
This came in handy when I wanted to check on a ghost tour of Albuquerque NM
Running ics stunner 4.4 beta :)
Very usefull
the only qr app you need, or worth having.
Great app.
Excellent!
Came in real handy during several occasions. Great app.
Perfect!
Great tool
Great app.. Easy and nice UI. Love it.
Great app.. Easy and nice UI. Love it.
See above :)
Works well
Really works!! The encrypt option is very cool as well!(:
Not like any other QR app I've downloaded. THIS ONE ACTUALLY WORKS!
Does exactly what it's supposed to do, and then some!! Other products should look at this and learn about how they should be as good!
Come Travel with the best
Awesome
         
I like it and have all the staff I may need. Thank you.
Easy to use
Works well...
This app does everything it says it does, and more. Really fun, and I've yet to find a code anywhere I couldn't scan.
Excellent app!
best app ever
Great
Kool app
The best app!!!
Works perfectly. I love gadgets.
Does what the description says it does..and it does it very well..Great app !  8^}
Everything you need in a scanner and generator.
Please ! How can i scan with this program
A great app.
It delivers.
Extremely cool app which works perfectly!
Great application
Works very well
Title says it all
XD
Really, Its very fun C: and i'm using it in my digicom freshamn class right noww. :B Awesome SAUCE.
Great for my business.
Awesome
Gets the job done and has more options than other QR//Barcode scanners!
OK
OK
QR Droid is a nice app for reading QR codes. It scans well and takes you to the website pretty quickly. Easy to use.    Nice!
Im no tech geek but this is brilliant..
simple but nice.
..
Just what I needed
It doesnt make a qr image of pocs. It just keeps going back to select image. Please fix.  Samsung fascinate
Unlike other QR code generators I've tried, this one works great and is user friendly to boot!
Great app!!!
AWESOME!!!!!
Love it
its pretty good
its pretty good
its pretty good
Very good and easy to use
Hi I recently changed roles in my company to one that involves the use of QR Codes, so I had to give myself a crash course. Over the last few days I've discovered that QR Droid is by far the most reliable app for reading and producing the codes - sometimes I haven't even had time to steady my 'phone and its already done the job! Excellent product!
Love this app! Super easy to use, both in scanning and creating qr codes :)
Love it!
Works perfect..... I love it!!
Works perfect..... I love it!!
Fast, easy to use, allows for many different customizations. Of course, there are 2 versions - paid & free. But this app has something different.  There are several ways to obtain the ad-free version, including payment options, sending out a link, etc.  I thought they had some good ideas. I will be keeping this app - what more do you have to know with 10 million + downloads
Fast, easy to use, allows for many different customizations. Of course, there are 2 versions - paid & free. But this app has something different.  There are several ways to obtain the ad-free version, including payment options, sending out a link, etc.  I thought they had some good ideas. I will be keeping this app - what more do you have to know with 10 million + downloads
Fast, easy to use, allows for many different customizations. Of course, there are 2 versions - paid & free. But this app has something different.  There are several ways to obtain the ad-free version, including payment options, sending out a link, etc.  I thought they had some good ideas. I will be keeping this app - what more do you have to know with 10 million + downloads
is nice the app by itself is really good but the idear of this codes is just the same than a web address so only save the minute of searching.....and nothing helpful for people with not smart phone
Works perfectly! Well done!
Great!
AWSOME
This app is perfect and does what it says :-) I've been able to help a lot of people with it
People bitching about privacy issues are wrong. Read the notes. IT DOES NOT TAKE ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION AT ALL!!!!!
This is the best app I use it for everything.
Very nice-looking and useful app. Not sure if it can read 1D barcodes as well, but that's not very important. Overall excellent app.
Run
very help full to get some detail directly.
A must have app
Great app
Great app
This is the first QR code reader that I installed and it's worked every time! Now to check out a QR code generator.
Only qr app that works with a bad camera.
This app just works great.
Great app! Works prefect!!
Working nice
F
Does its job and then some....
Cool....
Cool....
Working very well on my Atrix 4g, thanks for this great app.
Great app but can't find the paid version here. The other appstore has the plus version. What gives?
Good app... and quick.. <3
It's a great app; I love it!
Does everything a QR code generator should do. Get it!
Awesome app. Best on market
It's awsome
Excellent
I originally got this app just to scan qc codes but then I realized you can also create them! What a pleasant surprise!
Even reads custom rainbow colored codes with logos embeded
Nice app
Great app! Works great on galaxy s 2
It works all the time. I'm using it for a long time.
Love it!
Use it. Love it. Does exactly what it says it does. Wish I could pay money for an ad free version.
Thanks for this helpful app =)
Absolutely awesome!
Very cool, best app out.
this app is cool n better than some others i ve tried. 5 stars for u ! :)
good!
Awesome app never have problems
Lov e it...
I like the permissions explanation and that there is a private version
I like the permissions explanation and that there is a private version
Nice feature to create QR codes as well.
Easy to work with, Simple to use & it's awesum.
Lots of custom options!!!
The new interface is excellent! Runs smoothly on my EVO!
Best Qr App ever.. Amazing.. Brilliant thank you androla
Decodes everything quickly and with more options than other apps of similar type. Sidekick4G.
my choice qr scanner and is perfectly adfree with the adfree android app thanks to root
But uninstalling due to lack of bar code capability.
This is a good app
No complaints warranted.
Works great.  Very handy :)
Great app. Easy to use.
Cool musst have
Works great. Love this app.
Works great. Love this app.
Its awesome !
Very good bar code reader, Oliver the bar code generator!
Very good bar code reader, Oliver the bar code generator!
Easily the most beautiful app I've used.
Very useful it works perfectly
Worked first time no problem
Good
I love it!!!!!
A very amazing application
Use it all the time
awesome
Good app,love that u can make a code and send it to friends
Perfect!
Really good application!
This is the best app for qr reading I was able to help  my business alot
Well made!
Great app.
Great app.
This app is really cool. I like the updates. Love what you can do with this app.
Works great!!
Recomended
Fast and reliable .;-)
Love the app
I love this app!!
When the option 'Copy scan result to clipboard' is on QR Droid automatically runs system action. No matter that the default action is set to 'Ask me'.
I love i
Works well, so far
Excellent
Very nice...
Matthew, you can remove Ads by making a small donation or by referring. Open QR Droid, touch More, scroll down and select 'Remove Ads' or 'Refer'
I love that it can turn different things into QR codes.
Great
I needed a app that made perfect QR code. Even better this allows u to customize the color and add logo and a label. Awesome app.
Although google goggles does the job for scanning pictures, got nothing similar as far as creating qr codes!
Allows me to obtain more info that I use everyday.
Apps!!! Love the update...keep it up and keep it free...
simply awesome...
This apps ok for QRs but not for regular bar codes
This application is good.
It's such a simple application but amazingly detailed to use. It will not let u down. Customer service is top notch also.  Strongly recommended to people who use the QR codes on a daily basis.
Good
The latest update has made the UI awesome!!
I enjoy this app that I don't have words to say
That's the best QR Reader available. Thanks
Easy to use, excellent app :)
Does exactly what it's supposed to, unlike some! Does it fast, easily and well!
Easy, well done: it works without any surprises.
Easy, well done: it works without any surprises.
Its brilliant! What more needs to be said.
Who says sucks?
This QR Scanner has the advantage over others. As far as the others I have tried, this is the only one with the ability to turn info into a QR Code
This QR Scanner has the advantage over others. As far as the others I have tried, this is the only one with the ability to turn info into a QR Code
Works great!!
Great app..
I like the new design, and the reach funtionality!
Nice
solid
I didn't have any problems scanning in the dark. They seem to have gotten the whole flashlight fiasco figured out.
I didn't have any problems scanning in the dark. They seem to have gotten the whole flashlight fiasco figured out.
I didn't have any problems scanning in the dark. They seem to have gotten the whole flashlight fiasco figured out.
Works great.....
Great app, works perfectly.
One of the best app
Looks great!
Handy and works perfectly!!!
Works awesome on galaxy 4g
Has always been there for me when I needed to scan. Now it's more efficient going straight to the camera. Perfect!
Has always been there for me when I needed to scan. Now it's more efficient going straight to the camera. Perfect!
The new layout simply does away with the home screen! Instead, all the main functions are integrated into the scan screen with no loss of functionally! I like this design much better. Well done.
Works well easy to use.
New update and ui is great. went to referral and pressed the claim prize once installed and it removed the ads without any effort! :)
does exactly what it says it would, good integration with contact list
Great app.stop far the adds don't bother me enough to buy the upgrade
Love it works
Good
Good
This best qr scanner I know of.. it allows you to use a flash in those not so well lighted area's...
Scans QR codes like it says. You can even download codes to your phone and scan them or create your codes. Those features make this app outstanding. More than just a simple scanner!
I love this app, its by far one of the best scanners I've used, i love the feature where i can make my own scans of almost anything. Thank you Droid LA:-)
Works fantastic on my Xperia arc s, a really useful app to have!
Love this QR app above all others due to its simplicity and features!
This game is so addictive! Force closes sometimes, but great other than that
I was looking for one that can handle me cards and SMS codes
I give it a 5 star it doing what it said.
I give it a 5 star it doing what it said.
I give it a 5 star it doing what it said.
Worked excellently!
Quick and easy to download,navigate and use.  Great to be able to create your own business card.  Seems to work much better than my husband's 'QR barcode scanner'.
Awesome application!!!
Awesome application!!!
Love the technology.. Easy to use and helps save a  lot of time... I recommended to anytime that likes shortcuts...
It works!
Very nice just wish I could have more characters
downloading has never been better! - samsung galaxy s2 user.
Works great on my Galaxy S2. NO NOTIFICATIONS!!
Works great on my Galaxy S2. NO NOTIFICATIONS!!
It really good and it works yay:-)) x
Super addicting.
Works great on HTC thunderbolt, never had one problem
I had never tried one of these until now. Works really well with my HTC Amaze 4G. No need to try any others. Thanks for this.
I had never tried one of these until now. Works really well with my HTC Amaze 4G. No need to try any others. Thanks for this.
Great Very much useful.
Good tool.
Very dissapointed. Froze my phone 4x in a row. Fix this bug, since it's not ICS friendly. (Samsung Galaxy)
Great program. It is so capable and feature packed. The qr code on my webpage was created in this program. My only complaint is the settings menu is impossible to read in daylight or a bright room. Light blue on white has little contrast.
Great program. It is so capable and feature packed. The qr code on my webpage was created in this program. My only complaint is the settings menu is impossible to read in daylight or a bright room. Light blue on white has little contrast.
Five start for a free app
Perfect app easy to use and runs flawlessly
Makes me feel sophisticated. I love it
Makes me feel sophisticated. I love it
This is a great app - thank you - 5 stars
Love it.  samsung fascinate ;)
Cool app. That it be all
Rocks
Rocks
Great app!!!
Fast and flexible. Couldnt ask for more.
This app is getting more annoying, the longer I have it.....used to work perfectly, now works about 40% of the time. Will take 1 pic, then lock up, or take all 3, but not save. Also, its lame that you have to edit the pic RIGHT THEN, if you save and then go back, you can use the HDR editing. Needs fixing.
No problems with this app, YET...
Many features!
Better than others...
i hope this fad dies soon.
Is amazing
No unnecessary stuff, just the ones that are useful.
This is nice app,you must use absoluate
This is nice app,you must use absoluate
User friendly UI Excellent functionalitiea
If you include too much info in the QR code other devices many not be able to read it.
great :)
Great app, works really good.!
Great app, works really good.!
Great app, works really good.!
Awsome...A+++
Last 2 apps I tried were a FAIL. Finally got one that works :)
Jig
It a the best app to scan code
It's a very good app..
Works great for all needs and requirements. Can't fault it. Well done and thanks.
Super app.
Alot faster and scans at a glance. Also does not make any annoying noises when scanning. Yet to try the creation section.
Great app
QR Droid has recognized every single qr which I've thrown at it... :-)
I scan a code and it force closes
:-)
Has worked easily on every QR code I've tried. No flaws so far.
nice, but useful
Must have!!
The ultimate app when it comes to Bar Codes n QR Codes.. It can even create a QR Code of absolutely anything! It can do anything.. Must have app.. :-)
Great
I use this for quick transfer of info from my phone to almost any other device. No bluetooth or any other configuration required.
Been using it since I downloaded it and love it.
works fine and handy, but quite large
Full featured and free. Consistent and useful updates. To the developers, nice work.
Cool way to share dirty thoughts.
Love it!
Love it.  Simple way to share just about anything.  I have multiple devices in multiple places and I'm always mobile so finding this app was a miracle for me.  Exactly what I've been looking for as far as sharing data and having access to it no matter where I am.
Works all the time, great work time.
Does what it says and does it well
EVO 4g
It works and requires a minimum of fuss and focusing.  very pleased with it.
Very useful
does what its says it does.
This is real cool and reliable. Good work, gents.
Fantastic.
Works great on Galaxy sii
COO
Nice App. No problems so far.
Nice App. No problems so far.
This is a great app. Does so much and works great!
Worked awesome on Atrix !
It is working perfectly :-)
Simply best QR code scanner, maker. . . One word, excellent.
I used this application out-of-the-box. Nothing broke and it did not require any setting.
This app provides clear information about the contents of a QR code. It won't auto-fetch the URL, or auto-open some other app without first showing the raw data/URL. Conversion to/from a QR code and a history are nice features. Detection of QR codes is pretty good. I have not tried the app on non-QR image codes.
Great app..it has it all
Quite simply a brilliant ap!
Very good 
The best
Stable, working, fast, a lot of features, just a great app.
Love this app. Helps make decisions on purchases.
Funciona perfectamente. Sin quejas.
Best tool for we droid
Best tool for we droid
It's really awsom app......
It's really awsom app......
Does what it is supposed to do brilliantly,great must have app
I love how you can create and share qr codes.  Good app.  Super fast.
Does it all, love the widget allowing me to scan with one touch.
Does it all, love the widget allowing me to scan with one touch.
This is one app I use frequently! Works great
Works like it should, Samsung Mesmerize ICS 4.0.3
Works like it should
The title says it all. If you need a good QR Code reader/creator this app is everything you need, all in one easy to use app.
Works faster than Google goggles.
Works faster than Google goggles.
Works faster than Google goggles.
It's simply an amazing app. It does a great job.. You should try it.. Very handy and easy to use.
Its aight
Works most of the time
Great App
Well
Good
This works really well
I have never tried any others but this one works great. Not a single problem.
I have never tried any others but this one works great. Not a single problem.
Love, use it all the time!!!
Easy to use and has everything you need ! Super!
A+
Scans qr code but when you try to open the url, it mmediately closes the browser making scanning the code useless
Scans qr code but when you try to open the url, it mmediately closes the browser making scanning the code useless
love it
This app suggested I leave a comment after about a month of use. Works as advertised.
Can not move without it.
Can not move without it.
Love it. Samsung galaxy S2
Haven't used it a whole lot yet really don't know what all can be done with this but so far so good
The camera flash buggs out
The camera flash buggs out
I used it just now and its so easy
This is a great working app that works quickly and accurately.  A must have!
Good app does what it says, you'll go scanning crazy with it :-)
Muy buena la apps esta podemos scan una imagennya guardad en el celular eso es muy buen setting...
Work like expected...excellent
Does exactly what it has todo
Great application.
Great application.
Great app, works absolutly perfect.
Love that easy creation end sharing
The camera option is the best
Great app
Great app
Great app
Worth every penny. Updates very frequently and bang for your buck you can't do better
Do not want ability to invade privacy by access of camera to see at anytime what my phone see's so had to uninstall. Really wanted to keep the app.
Good.
Better than most readers i have tryd,so no complaints does what it says on the tin,it has always read the codes on product.
Works great and has good features
Works great and has good features
for the future of how information   will be stored, sent, and shared
for the future of how information   will be stored, sent, and shared
Great little drill!
Great tool for sharing information.
It does what it says
Amazingly quick. Galaxy s.
Muy completa, muy recomendada
Muy completa, muy recomendada
Simple as 1,2,3. QR makes searching, downloading and sharing easier than ever. I like that you can take a photo of the code and send it to friends.
Very good! Flexible and just works.
Does what it says!
Very good app. Works well on SGS2
Useful!
i originally gave this ap a 1 star review however recieved response from the creato swiftly giving me a full run down of what was happening and how to fix it up, turns out i was missinterperating what i was being told in app.  great at what it does, a little bit (1 star) knocked off for the display not being optimised for tablets and for the warnings being placed at the bottom of the desciption
Luv this technology thinking of getting a tshirt made using a code
Excellent
Works well, very useful.
Easy to use, works well
Very handy to have when you need it.  It also has the extra functions I needed.
Works well on Dell streak.  Easy to use
it's a perfect tool
Sweet as! Must have app... works great on desire
Use it every day, thanks
Supremely useful. Not much else to say. Recognizes where Google Goggles can't.
@frank, if you want to generate a qr code for one of your contacts, then GUESS WHAT? It'll need permission to access them!
I just love this app!
Works great and I never have any issues.
This application rocks !
Works great with the new front camera mirroring on the Archos 101!  Still have trouble finding it in the Market, but download from the developer site works. The Android market thinks that it's incompatible with my Archos 101IT Gen8, but it works so there's something wrong in the market specification.
Works great with the new front camera mirroring on the Archos 101!  Still have trouble finding it in the Market, but download from the developer site works. The Android market thinks that it's incompatible with my Archos 101IT Gen8, but it works so there's something wrong in the market specification.
This is the BEST QR SCANNER on the market...
Just ok.
Just ok.
Good
Good
Pretty impressive! ~ Droid 2 Global
super
Super
Does exactly what its supposed to. As well as being able to scan qr Codes, it can make them. Overall, it's a worthwhile app!
Originally wanted tags glad I tried qr codes this has worked everytime
Works great
qr app!
Does the job. Nice
Does the job. Nice
Does the job. Nice
The scan is incredibly fast, faster than normaly expected.
A mature, honestly marketed and clever app
A mature, honestly marketed and clever app
:-)
Does wonders, even creates QR codes which can be saved as jpeg's. HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
Woohoo
Faster reader for me
Perfect app. Hany and easy to use
Perfect app. Hany and easy to use
This app is amazing. Everyone should have this one.
Great app
Great app
Slow, always wants to show me a better way to something, when I just really want it to open and scan.
Best app
Best app
Very goood
I have been using it for a while, always fast & accurate & now when I needed to generate & share a QR code from a url, it uploaded the image online for me so I can directly share it. 5 stars
Great app love it will recomend to every1 i no
Great app
Great app
Works like a charm. Well done sir!
good, likey like :)
Lets you read plus create QR's for almost anything.
It doesn't make breakfast.
Works like a dream
Very useful app. Easy to use
Works fast and really good
This is so easy to use I woke up one morning and while still in bed created a  code  for my website from the phone before getting out of bed.
La recomiendo muy til gracias a sus desarrolladores.
Simply prefect. Has more features than what I really need.
Works great and its quick
Good stuff
Good stuff
great qr reader
Fun to play with.  works fine, no troubles or hassles.
Its good, in other words, excellent!
I love it!
Have used a few other QR readers. Like this one the best. Has more features than the others.
Genius app, has always work on cappy with different roms but why not use the private version. Its free and just as awesome!
This is god like. The thing is ridiculously fast. It even has an amazon lookup for products. Jesus.
Also the statistics are pretty accurate too!
Can scan any legit qr code
Works great on the Samsung Transform Ultra for Boost Mobile!
Stop hassling me to remove adverts or install other software, I choose this app because it was free...
Stop hassling me to remove adverts or install other software, I choose this app because it was free...
Stop hassling me to remove adverts or install other software, I choose this app because it was free...
Tiger blood.
Tiger blood.
Stable
It's works great. No unnecessary fluff. Quick and simple.
I love this application! Hands down best qr scanner on market!
Awesome app. Whenever I need to snap a QR code, this is what I use
Awesome app. Whenever I need to snap a QR code, this is what I use
Awesome app. Whenever I need to snap a QR code, this is what I use
Awesome app. Whenever I need to snap a QR code, this is what I use
Samsung Mesmerise No problems or issues
Donated!
Works as advertised
It works as described
It works as described
It works as described
It works as described
I have been using this app since January 2011, and it hasn't ever gone wrong. No force closes, bad QR's, etc. Best QR App out there. [Galaxy S Captivate w/Cyanogenmod Nightly 181]
Love it, simple as that
Works like its supposed to.  Helped me with my side work. DROIDX2
Works great as stated. Droid X.
totally worth it excellent app
Excellent app works on Samsung nexes s i9020
Great app
Great app
Really useful and that's it.
Why are they using bare codes?
I can create QR codes which I place on my yard signs!
QR Scanner This is a very fast 1 second timing to do it but if you have the barcode scanner app it does the same exact thing. ;)
The last app you will ever need to deal with bar and QR codes.
Thnx, killer when ur chillin with surfer magazine n see some sweet kicks or sumthing
Awesome best on the market and it dosent take forever : kyocera echo
Fantastic.
I use it all the time
Works grt
No hassles. It's fast and clean. Neat app!
The best app I've encountered
Great piece of software
Works fantastic ...
So many uses!
Salute
Handy
Handy
Good stuff .
Does just what it should and you can remove adverts for only 1.50
Simply perfect. Does everything right.
Easy to use.  Works great.
Nice app
Is much better and it scans barcodes also.
Love it, worked like a charm.
By far the best QR Code app out there! I have tried 3 total and this blows them away! Never a problem on my EVO 3D.
It works as it should. No problems at all. Samsung galaxy i9000
The only qr reader you'll ever need
So cool and easy to add images to qr codes!
I created an app for my company n it's very innovative!
I created an app for my company n it's very innovative!
Very usefull.
Very usefull.
Very usefull.
Very usefull.
Very usefull.
Does what it is supposed to do.
Does what it is supposed to do.
Works perfectly.
Very good appn.
Works great on GS2. Convenient little app.
Amazing QR app. Reader and encoder all in one. Generates QR codes for your contact info or weblinks or some simple text. A great program!
Works fine, Droid bionic
Wonderful and easy to use app. So far so good. Nothing to complain, except these annoying adds.
Wonderful and easy to use app. So far so good. Nothing to complain, except these annoying adds.
Easy to scan QRs, make you're own QR code, good app!
Uhh you realize how permissions work, right? You can create QR codes based on contacts, that's why it needs permission...
Accesses your browsing history and contacts!  Im not exposing family and friends to their marketing.  Uninstalling this otherwise good app.
Works exactly as claimed
Works exactly as claimed
Works exactly as claimed
Koo
Koo
I just love this application. Five stars.
Like I said, QR Droid is simply the best code reader on the market.
LG optimus one p500
Great app
Great app
Awesome app
Awesome app
La recomiendo, va bien en mi samsung galaxy s
Worked great w/ my Motorola Electrify right off the bat!
Works great
I had concerns about their privacy so I wrote the few developer and got a great reply in less than thirty minutes on a late evening.  Great service.
QR Droid On My Droid x has Been Working Flawlessly with One Update In The Last 3 Month. Good Job DROIDLA!
This is a Major Kool app. I love it. Thank you.
Great app. No problems   Samsung Admire
Used this app to order my sons school pics, worked great! Didn't even need to go thru the whole website, it just pulled up the pics! :)
Very easy to use and very functional
Very easy to use and very functional
Patrick_ Works like a charm and does what it says. Xperia x10a 2.3.3GB
Great
Handy app. Very good for authenticating the quality of products and locating them easily on the internet.
Excelent for scan, read and make QRcode.
Excelent for scan, read and make QRcode.
Excelent for scan, read and make QRcode.
Excelent for scan, read and make QRcode.
Perfect app! Big like!
Perfect app! Big like!
Works as expected, not missig anything.
Works as it should
Works as it should
Great tool
The absolute best QR application in the market. With options for straight barcode and QR both encoding and deciding custom options I most desired
Absolutely wonderful! Does everything it should and efficiently!
Absolutely wonderful! Does everything it should and efficiently!
Works well. Does what it is to do.
Works extremely well. Took the author's advice about distance, and I have never had a problem. lg revo gingerVolt
Works extremely well. Took the author's advice about distance, and I have never had a problem. lg revo gingerVolt
Does what it's supposed to do!
The app does what it says it will do!
Useful... I hav a lot of fun just making my own codes :) galaxy s 1
Good user interface for beginners and plenty of features for more experienced users.
Good user interface for beginners and plenty of features for more experienced users.
Its great I used to hate not knowing how to use those barcode
Its great I used to hate not knowing how to use those barcode
excelent app
not working properly on my inspire with cm7.2, shows another settings icon that doesn't work
Keep on the good work.
Keep on the good work.
Just awesome.. Works like a charm.... 5 star
Just awesome.. Works like a charm.... 5 star
It just works.
Works as advertised, I especially like that you can generate codes.
Works as advertised, I especially like that you can generate codes.
Works as advertised, I especially like that you can generate codes.
This app is so Good
So easy to use
Does what it's supposed to!
cool cool
Very sensitive and fast. Easy to use.
Works very wellB-)
Does not work on DROID x
Easy and simple to use
Pretty easy to use. Lots of possibilities.
...esp. in light of all the new scanning features for downloading, info gathering, etc.
Awsome app! Really helpful and useful!
Very good
Works great. Very useful.
Fast, complete and simple. Perfect.
Much better than others on galaxy SII i would give it 5 stars if it could scan regular bar code also
Worth trying
Worth trying
..
Its real fast...
This is a cool app. Works great, no problems to speak of.
Works as advertised
I'm pretty much addicted to this app. It works so fast and is just such a cool concept. A must have! :)
Great App!  No issues! Love it!
Love it
It works great and quickly
It works great and quickly
I don't really use it that much but I would recommend it if you see this kind of barcode a lot.
That's really all I expect of it.
That's really all I expect of it.
Great QR/bar code scanning.
Great QR/bar code scanning.
Excellent! So responsive and simple to use.  I have used similar apps, and so far this one has outperformed all of them. Very user friendly!
Excellent! So responsive and simple to use.  I have used similar apps, and so far this one has outperformed all of them. Very user friendly!
Love this app. Works great on my DROIDX
Love d softwr.
Works flawlessly.
It's a good app, even though I don't use it very often and sometimes it can't read the code, say if the colours don't have enough contrast
does exactly what it says with magnificent quality. If only you could add support for micro QR it would be the king of QR code scanner
App works Great saves on Xmas shopping
Much to my surprise this works everytime.
Greaaaaaat
Works great....i like it the most for sharing contact information.
Superb Application. Installed on Micromax A70 (Android 2.2) and works like charm.  Thanks
This app works perfectly! Samsung Galaxy S user.
This app works perfectly! Samsung Galaxy S user.
Brilliant and reliable. Hasnt let me down yet.
Can scan codes from TV, newspaper, etc even the screen of a computer or another phone. Excellent
Excellent
Does everything I expect
Starts to go to web then forgets everything. HTC thunderbolt.
So far so good
App sucks after the latest update.  It wont read codes, flashlight feature turns to strobing and completely white screen can't see the code.Fail updat
Easy to use & get access
Works good on myTouch 4G slide. I use it more every day as more companies use QR codes.
Great explanation of permissions made me confident enough to allow read contacts permission.
ok. Gratullok.
ok. Gratullok.
This is a great app. Works every time. Keep up the good work.
This is a great app. Works every time. Keep up the good work.
This is a great app. Works every time. Keep up the good work.
This is a great app. Works every time. Keep up the good work.
This is a great app. Works every time. Keep up the good work.
This is a good app
This is a good app
This is a good app
Very useful app for todays world. I use it with my mail and to quickly search all the time. Worth your time.
Super easy to install and use
Cool!!
Works straight out of the box. Just find a qr code and center it, it automatically scans an searches
Very helpful
Does it all. I would like to see Microsoft tag compatibility, bit other than that, have nothing to complain about. 5 stars all day.
Does it all. I would like to see Microsoft tag compatibility, bit other than that, have nothing to complain about. 5 stars all day.
Easy to use, great features & it's free. Highly recommended.
Does exactly what it says and does it quickly.
Awesome app!
Fast and very usfull to past texts from desktop
Nuff said
Awesome app very easy to use
Scans everything
Does everything I need in a QR scanner!
Works real good
Great app. It works as advertised. Eash to use. T-man
Right part of camera image is corrupted when i'm trying to recognize code from camera. Previous versions worked fine.  ZTE Blade cmod 7.
Right part of camera image is corrupted when i'm trying to recognize code from camera. Previous versions worked fine.  ZTE Blade cmod 7.
Right part of camera image is corrupted when i'm trying to recognize code from camera. Previous versions worked fine.  ZTE Blade cmod 7.
Works perfectly.  Lots of cool options here.
as title
as title
Does what its supposed to and that works for me!
Awesome
Brilliant app x love it x
Dis software rockzzz man m luving it
Excellent App. Just what i was looking for.
But it seems to work when I need it to. Thx for this app-great to download! DDT of Sacramento
MyTouch 4g works great
MyTouch 4g works great
Simply wonderful
Simply wonderful
This is a really neat app
Tried a few before this.  Worth the few pennies to remove adverts Steve.
Tried a few before this.  Worth the few pennies to remove adverts Steve.
Awesome!
No complaints.
Very handy. Works every time in every way.
Works very well just made my own QR code scanned it and to my suprise it worked HTC desire hd
Works very well just made my own QR code scanned it and to my suprise it worked HTC desire hd
Great app. Just needs ability to choose folder to save created qr Codes in. Thanks muchly
I have used this for my band and I'm going to use it for my company as well on my business cards. It's easy to use!!!
Excellent!!!!!!! Great appl. to have and continue to better the appl.
Works as expected. Very smooth. Never crashes on my 2.2 Galaxy Captivate.
Great App.   Thank you.  Wish I had a job so I could give you some money for it.
Great App.   Thank you.  Wish I had a job so I could give you some money for it.
Excellent for first timers, old timers like me, short timers who want a quick look at the code link, or egg timers who were humans in another life.
Easy to use....
Easy to use....
Amazing
5 stars
Fast shipping.
Works good... But i dont like pop ups asking for rating
Very handy indeed
All in one, perfect!
All in one, perfect!
When every thing in this app  is so awesome!
Recomendo
Good app, easy
Good app, easy
Best code app I've downloaded!
Best code app I've downloaded!
Essential tool...
Perfect scanner
This is better than every other I've used.
I love this app. Very useful.
H
F
Yep.
Works perfectly!
Fun and easy to use
Fun and easy to use
I have enjoyed your product...  Keep up the good work...
I have enjoyed your product...  Keep up the good work...
Coolll
This is a really cool app. A little slow in use but features make up for it.
Pretty cool app Moving from windows mobile to android I was looking for an app that was as good as the one I had for my old phone. This one's awesome!
:))) ,    .
Definitely worth trying out. Works as advertised with no fuss.
Not bad
Not bad
Not bad
SERVE MY NEED
I made 3 bologna sandwichs with this app. I realized that after 3 months of constant roller blading  lessons anything is possible with this app. Thanx
Easy and free.
It's a bit of hit and miss but when it works good
It's a bit of hit and miss but when it works good
Awesome app, simple to use
Best one I've used. Tried several, come back to this each time.
Best one I've used. Tried several, come back to this each time.
This app is absolutely amazing on my EVO. Absolutely love love love. It's a must have ! Quick and easy.
I'm amazed by this technology. Perfect every time.
Effective application. Has very extensive functionality and fully deserves the rating given.
This app is the top of the line. Can't be beat for a free app.
Works great
Great app. Very praktice.
Works great
Beats every thing else
I keep this handy for my electronic business card, really everything, for my agency! Very useful!
I keep this handy for my electronic business card, really everything, for my agency! Very useful!
I keep this handy for my electronic business card, really everything, for my agency! Very useful!
Very usefull and simple to use.....
Works great. A must have app. For the focus just put the phone closer and make sure is an actual QR code
Solid application.  Scans QR codes easily.  I like the feature of creating codes as well.
I like it
Works great right from the start!
Works great
Works great
Easy to use
Easy to use
Fantastic app
Works great on my Nexus 4G S for Sprint! Love it!
Works great on my Nexus 4G S for Sprint! Love it!
When first installed I was having trouble with it recognizing images on my external flatscreen monitor although it worked perfectly on my laptop. After the last update it works fine on either.
Nice
Nice
Works fast & seamlessly, easy to use.
I likes it,  so much more convenient than standing there and telling ppl your info when ir in a rush
Cool
The interface is just a little clunky, with a bit too much searching and multiple windows, but otherwise a great app.
Good app.
This is an awsome application!            Thanx Droid!
Use for work and home
Great app, scans codes with no problems.  Easy to use.
Great app, scans codes with no problems.  Easy to use.
A  quick and easy to use.simple and a nice design.i personaly recommend it alot.
Works well
I like it alot
Just started using and I love it.  This app should come with every DROID pr installed.  Good job guys.
Really fun app. Saves money if you look up the best deals!!!
This app is so much better than other barcode apps. Too bad though it doesn't save barcodes to be used instead of library cards, grocery cards, etc...
This app is so much better than other barcode apps. Too bad though it doesn't save barcodes to be used instead of library cards, grocery cards, etc...
Great QR app
Great QR app
Reads the codes fast, asks you what to do with it.  If I understood why an ad mailed to me needs codes in it for me to input a url I'd be in business
App works great !
This app ROCKS !!!
Great
great app
. . . and does it for free. Nuff said.
Great app. One of the best out there
This app is pure awesome.....
Does more than expected
Best QR code program for Android I've seen or used so far. Lots of options and always updating to improve itself and add more features.
This app does (for me) exactly what it claims. Thank you for a great program. My only suggestion would be this, take your time and really...
Good app. Droid2 global
Good app. Droid2 global
Good app. Droid2 global
Scanner first barcode, now won't scan! Not impressed :(
Good app. Does what it says it will do. Sidekick 4G
Love this. My iPhone friends are jealous!
Quick easy does what it should
I tried 4 free and paid ones and this is simply the Best!  Does it all!  Try it!  Should be on all smart phones!
Simply great
hehe
Howard,  It accesses your contacts so it can generate QR codes from them. Easier than sharing via bluetooth
Very useful app
Brilliant app easy to use does what it says plus its free what more do you want.
Everyone should have this
Just what i needed
Great App.
Great App.
Can't be beat apple must die
Works great on the Galacy S (and on my Wildfire before that) I have a qrcode as my fb icon now :-)
Works great.  No issues
Works great, does a lot more than other QR code readers. Makes it easy to do whatever you want with a QR code.
So easy to use. Saves time with auto focus.
Tried a few.  Worth paying.? Make sure to dwnld language pack
I love QR Droid! I use the QR code all over the place.
Works great for DROIDX. I made my own business card.
A must have
Love it!
I had such a fun time using QRDroid to create team building activities this school year.
I had such a fun time using QRDroid to create team building activities this school year.
Love it.
I love it.
Great App. Love it!
Great AP. Will come in very useful Love it. Lots of fun creating QR codes and scanning them.
Love it! Perfect QR reader/creator. What more can I say?
Great app. Been using it for a while now and never fails to deliver
Seem much more reliable than others I've used...great app...love it
I just can't fathem why you are able to read my contact info,  idk you nor trust you.
Great app!
This app is okay. But it doesn't always read what it should. And it's pretty slow a lot of times!
This app is okay. But it doesn't always read what it should. And it's pretty slow a lot of times!
Works great on droid 2. Sometimes it takes a little while, but over all, very nice
Now I just have to find a full length movie to try it on!
works perfectly thank you
Really simple to use and I like it.
Very good barcode reader / generator. Can read just about any kind of barcodes in existance.
Great and usefull !
Gets along well w me, as well as my htc thunderbolt :)
Does what it says on the tin with style :-)
Works well; easy to use; fast.
Have been using for a couple days and it works without a glitch.
Very good, simple and fast
Simple enough and does it's job.
Nice way to share information.
Works well, easy to create codes
I better than Barcode Scanner.
Amazing app. Really useful in many situations. Highly recommend.
Amazing app. Really useful in many situations. Highly recommend.
so cool, this is the best of the lot for QR code. it allows u to enter more details. The next big thing. use it for medical records & next of kin note
Until bow every qr code was read properly
Really great app, especially for creating qr codes for contacts or business details.
Excelent!
keren nihh aplikasi komplit dan manteb banget dah, bisa costum Qr Code. Top dah
Great
Works well great decoder works very fast,easy to use!
Really comes in handy more often than you'd think. Easy to use and works very well. Solid app.
Love this app always comes in handy
Great app get it work fine
Great app very easy to use
No problems! Free...works great!
Great app. Simple to use. Works perfectly on Galaxy Tab.
Recommended
Works great, scans everything. Flawless.
Used this app for about half a year without a single issue.
Love this app.
Love this app. Especially the ability to create and send your own QR codes for other people to see!
Love it. Works great on LG Optimus and Motorola Xoom.
Good
Good
Very easy to use.
Works like a charm on galaxy tab P-1000 2.3.3
A real good app, its great that you can make them too
A real good app, its great that you can make them too
Brilliant! I never realised how much advertising displays QR. Great on the undergound!
Fast reliable autofocus qr entry. Easy to use.
I haven't had a single qr code that was not decided right.  The desktop shortcut feature comes in very handy.
I use QR droid all the time. It works great without any issues
Impressive app.
Its a lot of fun to search for all of the little squares!!! I love having this app. :)
Works great
Works great
Great application, I really like the new interface
I love android :)
The remove adds for FREE does not work ----_ rather suspicious
The remove adds for FREE does not work ----_ rather suspicious
The remove adds for FREE does not work ----_ rather suspicious
The remove adds for FREE does not work ----_ rather suspicious
The remove adds for FREE does not work ----_ rather suspicious
Awesome app works great on my xperia  x10
Simple and works great. No bugs here!
Simple and works great. No bugs here!
I like it works for me.
I like it works for me.
I got a Samsung galaxy ace and this is the third phone i am installing this app! Works fast and without any delays.
I got a Samsung galaxy ace and this is the third phone i am installing this app! Works fast and without any delays.
Excellent app love it!!!
It's so easy and a great way to condense text!
Very useful
Excellent very easy to use all you have to do is scan and it takes you strait to the place!
I like this scanner. It's quick and accurate.
Simply the best QR app 4 android
Simply the best QR app 4 android
Works great
great app,no problems
Great little app that works like it should.
Great program!  Very intuitively designed
Perfect at what it does. Love the long-press search button to jump straight to QR scan
Very cool
Very accurate, able to find products , and fast reader
I really like the new interface
I really like the new interface
Works geat! Best one for sure.
The best qr scanner
The best qr scanner
The best qr scanner
Nice app
Nice app
Nice app
Nice app
Im a newbie to android & I love this application!
Im a newbie to android & I love this application!
Works great I use it all the time. Root D2
Very good sinse the updates it used to be crap and i uninstalled it then i used it on my friends phone and re-downloaded it
Works great, highly recommend this app!
This app works great. Easy to use and share.
Great
For MOMA's interactive art
I've had tried other QR readers for different phone OS, but this one seems to be simple to use.
gives more than promised with a qr code editor
Forse closes on X10...
I've tested many qr scanners and this one has become my personal favorite.
I've tested many qr scanners and this one has become my personal favorite.
Aboslutely love. A bit slower than barcode scanner, but makes up for it in functionality. Would love to see an option to see technical detail about scanned QR (metadata and source text). Also love how author wen out of his way to satisfy the paranoia of some users and created a version without access to personal data. Definitele a thums up.
Great! Very helpful in public places
Great! Very helpful in public places
This app works so well, it's plain scary!
Doesn't work
Doesn't work
Works very well and is also able to decode other kinds of barcodes besides QR codes.
Works very well and is also able to decode other kinds of barcodes besides QR codes.
It is easy to use and works really well.
Works great with incredible 2
Good app. Samsung Captivate
Absolutely amazing that you get this for so cheap. Best app purchase on the market. !!
good app
good app
Nice app
Great app
Great app
Great app
Very good qr scanner easy with light switch
Motorola Electrify
It will not upload any picture I have to the server to make a qr link
It will not upload any picture I have to the server to make a qr link
takes very less time to gather the info from the QR code.but the link takes longer to load in the browser though this may not be the app issue
takes very less time to gather the info from the QR code.but the link takes longer to load in the browser though this may not be the app issue
takes very less time to gather the info from the QR code.but the link takes longer to load in the browser though this may not be the app issue
I am deleting my other readers for this one. You can make codes with this as well as read them
No issues here. Works great.
No issues here. Works great.
Makes a good drop in replacement for Barcode Scanner, tons more features, shame about being bugged to leave comments.
This program does it all great job thanks
A must have app
A must have app
Good app motorola atrix
Works well no issues
Codes are everywhere and this program reads them all..never disappoints
Codes are everywhere and this program reads them all..never disappoints
Works perfectly, haven't found anything yet out won't scan.
Works on 90% of the scans
Works on 90% of the scans
Works on 90% of the scans
Works on 90% of the scans
Works on 90% of the scans
Works on 90% of the scans
Love it!
I love this app! Great job, developers!
I love this app! Great job, developers!
It does what it says.
I just love this app!!! Scans every bar code and will even find the item on line. Really cool!
I love it
Once you start the app just point the camera at the QR code and it detects it automatically. No guesswork
I like to use online QR generator programs and make codes that say obscenities, print them, and leave them in the office.
I like to use online QR generator programs and make codes that say obscenities, print them, and leave them in the office.
Nice work!
works perfectly.....nice and easy!
Good
Has worked great so far. No complaints.
I put 5 stars cause I have been reading lots on this QR and it does seem to be what people like ... I installed it but haven't used it yet still reading how to do that. :) Still trying to figure out my phone too.. But thank you for the App
I put 5 stars cause I have been reading lots on this QR and it does seem to be what people like ... I installed it but haven't used it yet still reading how to do that. :) Still trying to figure out my phone too.. But thank you for the App
I put 5 stars cause I have been reading lots on this QR and it does seem to be what people like ... I installed it but haven't used it yet still reading how to do that. :) Still trying to figure out my phone too.. But thank you for the App
App is great. User friendly and very easy to use.
Perfect!
Excellant Samsung Mesmerize - No issues Works as it says - If for some reason the app will no longer scan saved images, clear the app cache
Perfect, does what it says. Nice and fast, and very convenient. -HTC Thunderbolt
Perfect, does what it says. Nice and fast, and very convenient. -HTC Thunderbolt
Works great with my HTC inspire/desire hd. I have multiple qr scanners but this one is on my home screen.
Like all the features, especially the map for business cards QR
great app works perfect!
It works
It works
Beautifuly done! Nice work.
GOod
Now that I have QR on my Android, I'm more aware of how many codes I am surrounded by every day.
Pretty cool!
Pretty cool!
How can you give such an amazing app 1 star? It's the best on the market, and helps me with all my Arg's. A must have.
Awesome! I find it quite useful for industry contacts in my business. More companies use them daily esp in trade magazines. This does everything.
The best, most full featured, least intrusive qr code app out there. Supports the best sharing actions, as well as fast scanning
Stop forcing updates down my throat
Stop forcing updates down my throat
I use it to scan contacts, etc. Very handy."
Easy to use!
After many searches n experiments.. found this to be the best-all-in-one application.. kudos
After many searches n experiments.. found this to be the best-all-in-one application.. kudos
No issues....works great!
It lags during downloads but other than that.. It's a world shifter ^^
It lags during downloads but other than that.. It's a world shifter ^^
It lags during downloads but other than that.. It's a world shifter ^^
scan d lus
Does exactly what it says . You would not believe how useful this app can be.
QRCode is the best on the market. Create new codes or use existing. A must have for any Android.
It's kinda cool to use this but I'm not sure that it's so much better than just going to the website.
It's kinda cool to use this but I'm not sure that it's so much better than just going to the website.
Good app
Yea!
Yea!
Yea!
Great app
Exactly what I needed it
Works great!
Best scanner out there :I
Does what is claims.
Great program.
Does exactly what it needs to do!
Does exactly what it needs to do!
Does exactly what it needs to do!
Does exactly what it needs to do!
I use this great application almost every day.
No comment.
I've been using this for months and it's better than barcode scanner :)
I've been using this for months and it's better than barcode scanner :)
Loving this. I find it so useful.
Best I've found! And I'm not kidding, I'm picky...and like all-in-one.
Simple, to the point. A must have.
Only QR scanner that has ever worked for me. Tried goggles and a few others. This is the one. ;) great work. Evo 4g and 2.3.4
Mytouch G4
i had to type in the code, but it worked. im pleased.
i had to type in the code, but it worked. im pleased.
Works great
It's a better alternative than trying to use stuff like Bump to share links and contacts, Also +1 for explaining permissions.
Yet to scan a code.
Great app, works awesome
Good app
Good app
Good app
Good app
Good app
Good app
I like having the ability to scan items on the road that link me to more info such as phone numbers & addresses.
I like this app! This is really helpful!
AWESOME app!
Being an advertising and marketing major this comes in real handy! Being able to decode or code your own QRs. Np htc inspire
You need one of theese in this day and age there are so many QR codes around even on our local nature trail.
Does what its supposed to do
Great app, love it. People need to use their brains. It needs access to contact data so you can create QR codes that contain contact info! Sheesh
Great app, love it. People need to use their brains. It needs access to contact data so you can create QR codes that contain contact info! Sheesh
You know what ppl? Simple works the best!!
Havent had long but so far it has done what we want it to do, works great.
So far exactly what I was looking for. No errors yet.
Fine
A very good qr barcode scan an generate app. Had it since four updates ago. Very helpfull. Definitely a keeper.
Love it very helpful, I recommend it.
Love it very helpful, I recommend it.
Love it very helpful, I recommend it.
Exactly what is needed!
QR codes are my new favorite things and this app makes coding and decoding so easy!
sem comparaes... SGS2
Doesn't even stink that bad when it farts! Win!
Doesn't even stink that bad when it farts! Win!
Doesn't even stink that bad when it farts! Win!
I have used this on several different types of codes and many different stores. The code reader is quick and very good.
I have used this on several different types of codes and many different stores. The code reader is quick and very good.
I have used this on several different types of codes and many different stores. The code reader is quick and very good.
I have used this on several different types of codes and many different stores. The code reader is quick and very good.
Easy to use and never crashed on me as many others did. Picks up QR code fast... 5/5 !
Easy to use and never crashed on me as many others did. Picks up QR code fast... 5/5 !
Easy to use and never crashed on me as many others did. Picks up QR code fast... 5/5 !
Easy to use and never crashed on me as many others did. Picks up QR code fast... 5/5 !
Good app
G2X
It always works and has all the features I need.
Works great for me!
This app is really simple to use straight from my camera or from the app itself. Snap a pic and send it to the decoder or use the app to decode it!
Easy to use and has saved me loads time cos I scan a barcode and go back to it when I need to/remember! Definitely an app to have
Easy to use and has saved me loads time cos I scan a barcode and go back to it when I need to/remember! Definitely an app to have
Excellent program.
Excellent program.
Excellent program.
Get it
This ap is helpful but sometimes the QR's don't always link up right.
Especially when SI comes out with their bathing suit edition
Especially when SI comes out with their bathing suit edition
I like things that work in the manner the developer intended and the way I expect and QR Droid fits this to a tee. Easy to use and so I do. And my marketplace nickname is ... ta da ... droid ... how cool is that?
I like things that work in the manner the developer intended and the way I expect and QR Droid fits this to a tee. Easy to use and so I do. And my marketplace nickname is ... ta da ... droid ... how cool is that?
I like things that work in the manner the developer intended and the way I expect and QR Droid fits this to a tee. Easy to use and so I do. And my marketplace nickname is ... ta da ... droid ... how cool is that?
I like things that work in the manner the developer intended and the way I expect and QR Droid fits this to a tee. Easy to use and so I do. And my marketplace nickname is ... ta da ... droid ... how cool is that?
I like things that work in the manner the developer intended and the way I expect and QR Droid fits this to a tee. Easy to use and so I do. And my marketplace nickname is ... ta da ... droid ... how cool is that?
This app is fantastic. It's much better than the barcode scanner.
This app is fantastic. It's much better than the barcode scanner.
Great app. It explains every concept very well!
I've used it to download apps, rent DVD's, read consumer ratings about appliances at a store by scanning the are code, a lot more.
Works flawlessly on my Droid2 - on Froyo and now on Gingerbread.
Works flawlessly on my Droid2 - on Froyo and now on Gingerbread.
Excellent app, scans very quickly straight to web page. Very easy to make your own codes - brilliant!
Love this app! Definitely recommend! Clgoyer
BRILLIANT APP!!! It's not let me down yet -- thx, DroidLa!
I use this all the time. I taught seniors in my computer classes how to use QR Droid. Now they are running around with their email info on a QR Code!
This is the BEST QR READER!!!!
Its the best QR code maker i have found
This seems to be the *most* complete QR application. BUT STILL does not have the ability to use it as an input method. I know I am not the only one that wants this function. How come no developer can deliver? And no, I don't want a keyboard that has a scan function. I want a scanner that I can pull up in text box by long pressing and choosing it in "input methods". Is that too much to ask? 5 Stars once you get this feature. 6 Stars if I could. In fact, I'd pay $2.99 for this feature.
I have been using other scsnners but this one is the nicest
Works great! Easy to install and user friendly!
Awesomee..
so far this is the best code scanner in the market...!
well done but sometime it take a little bit longer.
awesome little app
It works when I go to use it . Interface is pretty straight forward .
Will read QR's other apps can't.
QR code is getting more popular. This a handy app to read and create codes.
I really like this app. It reads most things and gives me info right away. I have an EVO by HTC.
I really like this app. It reads most things and gives me info right away. I have an EVO by HTC.
does the job and well
Best way to keep info hidden
I would rate higher if map also had sat view
I would rate higher if map also had sat view
I would rate higher if map also had sat view
Great app.
Easiest way I know to send links between my android phones and tablets. No more searching the market for the same app 4 times over
Best one out of a couple i've tried..so far this ones a keeper! ~HTC EVO Shift~
Best one out of a couple i've tried..so far this ones a keeper! ~HTC EVO Shift~
Really great for writing QR codes. Very simple!
Who doesn't know jack about QR codes and this was so easy!
Super boss.
Updated in less than 30 sec. I use this app all the time! Thx.
Updated in less than 30 sec. I use this app all the time! Thx.
Forethought describes this best. Thank you to the programmers. Please put in function to scan bar codes
App. Best on the market.
What I love most is being able to create new codes on the fly. Yesterday, while still in bed, I cranked out 5 codes as samples for friends. Amazing!
Love it, does what it should do :)
with this program I don't need anything else for qr, it does a great job and then some. can't believe it's free.
A program that does what its supposed to! Great!
A program that does what its supposed to! Great!
A program that does what its supposed to! Great!
After scanning barcode, it doesn't even show the price of products....uninstalled
After scanning barcode, it doesn't even show the price of products....uninstalled
After scanning barcode, it doesn't even show the price of products....uninstalled
This is definitely better than the barcode app I installed earlier. Its faster and more user friendly
Great app! Flashlight option when the lighting isn't great, and links to online sites for product details.
An excellent application, easy to use and reliable.
An excellent application, easy to use and reliable.
used this app for installing the dropbox application QR code from net....its super quick n easy.....Rocking...
Saves lots of typings.
Wow I love how its so easy! I can make my own, and even scan stuff! I would definitely recomend this app.
Perfect. Many options, direct links to anything you scan, too many good things to list.
Works perfect on my Droid X
Works perfect on my Droid X
Great app
works perfectly
works perfectly
Its so easy to use and saves everything in the history for you to use later...
Its so easy to use and saves everything in the history for you to use later...
GO COLTS!!!!!!!
Being able to generate codes is a bonus. Having added content that educate users about what QR codes are and how they work is very interesting.
Works like a charm!
Have not had a problem with this app!
Works great for me at all times
Even allows you to create your own QR codes from a variety of different kinds of information, i.e. contacts, web address, and many others.
It does what it says. Useful app with the increase in QR codes in all kind of publications and web pages.
It does what it says. Useful app with the increase in QR codes in all kind of publications and web pages.
It does what it says. Useful app with the increase in QR codes in all kind of publications and web pages.
It does what it says. Useful app with the increase in QR codes in all kind of publications and web pages.
It does what it says. Useful app with the increase in QR codes in all kind of publications and web pages.
Really useful program
Brilliant app. Running on Sam Galaxy S. Opted for the small donation and am now running app ad free.
I love this app works great.
I love this app works great.
I have a massive weiner!
I have a massive weiner!
I have a massive weiner!
I have a massive weiner!
Great app! Very featured packed for what would otherwise be just another code reader
Awesome, Galaxy S in Miami
Awesome, Galaxy S in Miami
Works very well on Droid 2 Global
Great qr app allows creation of custom qr codes from your phone. Simple to use and quick
Verry user friendly! :) this us totally the way of the furure!!!! Well done android ;)
Verry user friendly! :) this us totally the way of the furure!!!! Well done android ;)
Verry user friendly! :) this us totally the way of the furure!!!! Well done android ;)
This app is awesome.
Works everytime! Don't have to worry about it failing to get info when I'm on the go.
Works everytime! Don't have to worry about it failing to get info when I'm on the go.
I love this app! + when i get new contacts on computer, i use a vcard Qr generator website... Scan it with this app, bam! Added to my contacts!
This was the first app that was able to read nut QR code tattoo. Kim @ QwikR.me PS It also scanned a bologna QR & one made of Andes Mints
Great app!!!
Easy to use neat appearance. Highly recommend
Works for my business purposes! And I LOVE how it gives you so many options for scanning a code and for after you scan!
Best scanner on the market. Clean UI. Reliable.
Works fast. Very easy to use. No problems as far as I can tell.
Decodes like it is supposed to :) good app.
Sweet app!
Fast and reliable decoding. Impressive generation of codes. Can even make huge ones!"
Works just like its supposed to.
Works just like its supposed to.
Works quickly everytime. Saves scans and links automatically. Allows for various entry methods. Use it almost everyday.
Works quickly everytime. Saves scans and links automatically. Allows for various entry methods. Use it almost everyday.
Nice to know a hospital bracelet code is limited hospital system.
Its great and easy to use even allows you to play with the codes
Works perfectly, quickly and with remarkable precision on the HTC Thunderbolt.
Works perfectly, quickly and with remarkable precision on the HTC Thunderbolt.
Works perfectly, quickly and with remarkable precision on the HTC Thunderbolt.
Does what it says it does.
Does what it says it does.
This app is so easy, fast, and convenient.
It works
Love this and its so simple, no issues.
Love this and its so simple, no issues.
Get It 
Only used it once since getting it, but it worked fine. *not used since 4.0 update.
Only used it once since getting it, but it worked fine. *not used since 4.0 update.
Only used it once since getting it, but it worked fine. *not used since 4.0 update.
Only used it once since getting it, but it worked fine. *not used since 4.0 update.
I think this is one of the best scanner apps. And it does so much more. I love that you can make ur own to share things like contact info.
Works perfect and very easy to understand
Seems very useful for adults, but don't get it if ur a kid...
This app dies lots of great things with QR codes. Reads the well and is one of the best at generating them.
Best scanner on the market! More reliable than Barcode scanner and far more options. Love the new UI too! Excellent app, highly recommend! SGS Vibrant
Excellent addition to the DROID Arsenal
Occasional trouble scanning, but it's probably user error
Occasional trouble scanning, but it's probably user error
Works really well on Dell Streak (2.2.2). On line QR code generator is useful too.
Works really well on Dell Streak (2.2.2). On line QR code generator is useful too.
Works really well on Dell Streak (2.2.2). On line QR code generator is useful too.
Great app. If your camera sucks and it keeps trying to refocus, take a pic of the code before starting the app. Then scan from the saved pic.
Works exactly how it's supposed to
Very helpful!
Very helpful!
Good app
Good app
Good app
Good app
Use it all the time. Samsung Intercept
Rooted Evo4g running miui.. Never a hiccup!
Must have on every device
Very awesome APP. Comes in handy very often..
HTC Incredible: works great & allows me to do my work on the road.
Love the new ui. Even easier to use. Fast and effective!
Love the new ui. Even easier to use. Fast and effective!
This app is very helpful and I love the new UI.
This app is very helpful and I love the new UI.
Good app. All the features you need in a QR code reader.
Great app. Reading codes, making codes and sharing codes with a direct and simple interface
very good app
very good app
Reads tags very quickly!
Reads tags very quickly!
Reads tags very quickly!
Its done its job.
Its done its job.
Its done its job.
Its done its job.
This app keeps exceeding my expectations.
This app keeps exceeding my expectations.
has everything regarding qr codes I could ask for :3
has everything regarding qr codes I could ask for :3
Easy to use. No complaints.
Easy to use. No complaints.
No problems, no complaints, works as advertised. I like the shortcut icon to pull up the camera as well. Thunderbolt, CM7, 2.3.5 base.
Says package file invalid on droid 3
Works as it should plus extras.
Works as it should plus extras.
Works as it should plus extras.
I was doing a scavenger hunt all around raleigh and I used qr codes to help me find a giant mouse! It was the prize I would post a pic if I could!
Great features, easy to use, best I've seen so far.
Great features, easy to use, best I've seen so far.
Great features, easy to use, best I've seen so far.
Does exactly what it advertises. Great app to have and would recommend it to everyone.
Does exactly what it advertises. Great app to have and would recommend it to everyone.
Great app
Full of features. Needs an UI update to be perfect.
What is the justification for sneaking access to comtacts into the update?
What is the justification for sneaking access to comtacts into the update?
What is the justification for sneaking access to comtacts into the update?
What is the justification for sneaking access to comtacts into the update?
Awesome app! I plan to put a QR on the back of my business card.
Works great on my EVO.
Droidx works great!!! Those who say it doesn't work, learn how to use ur phone!!! AWESOME APP
I don't use it that much so I can give in less than 5 stars in silicon a bug
is so wack it doesnt even work a waste of time installing this app
Cu conexiune la internet util
Great app. As advertised. Galaxy S.
Great app. As advertised. Galaxy S.
Great app. As advertised. Galaxy S.
Live dis app
Live dis app
Great
Works even on tiny QR codes. Quick and accurate.
Works even on tiny QR codes. Quick and accurate.
Very good app
Great app
Good
Good
It us really cool to be able to scan something and it take you to a website, or to send notes, etc
Best Qr app I've found.
Awesome app very helpfull
Works great. Love this app.:)
Works great. Love this app.:)
Really great QR reader. The way it scans without having to take a photo first is fantastic!
Really great QR reader. The way it scans without having to take a photo first is fantastic!
Really great QR reader. The way it scans without having to take a photo first is fantastic!
Really great QR reader. The way it scans without having to take a photo first is fantastic!
Now friends can scan my contact easily.
Does what it says
A must for anyone living in the digital world.
Best QR app I've seen so far. Bumped up to 5 stars because they finally made the UI usable.
It bored me , i didnt get the point of this app .
Works great, even late!! -Samsung Vibrant 2.2
Works every time.
Works every time.
Glad to have QR Droid. Very easy to use.
I don't know if it's the camera in n1 or the app but it takes some time and steady hands to read QR codes. However, great for sharing info / apps
I don't know if it's the camera in n1 or the app but it takes some time and steady hands to read QR codes. However, great for sharing info / apps
Ten pp plus
Ten pp plus
Useful app. Comes in handy.
Useful app. Comes in handy.
Cheers.... Nice free app. Thanks!
i dont see why everyone is complaining. its perfect.
i dont see why everyone is complaining. its perfect.
Easy to use, works very well. Droid 3.
It works very well
It works very well
It works very well
Does what it needs to do. I don't think you can complain with that :)
The app is simple and does exactly what the developers says it does. Excellence in simplicity.
The app is simple and does exactly what the developers says it does. Excellence in simplicity.
The app is simple and does exactly what the developers says it does. Excellence in simplicity.
The app is simple and does exactly what the developers says it does. Excellence in simplicity.
If they would have kept the qr code generator I would have given it a 5 star rating
Does everything as advertised, pretty tight -Incredible + Really clean UI! :)
Does everything as advertised, pretty tight -Incredible + Really clean UI! :)
Does everything as advertised, pretty tight -Incredible + Really clean UI! :)
This app is great for creating QR codea and scanning them.
This app is great for creating QR codea and scanning them.
Helps a lot, open fast, lots of features and looks fancy! Lol
Does exactly what's expected
Does exactly what's expected
Does exactly what's expected
Does exactly what's expected
Does exactly what's expected
Been using using it, luv it, no problem on my blade
I love how easy it is to transfer items between mine and my husband's phone. Love it!!
Not bad. I like it
Working great for me.
Working great for me.
Working great for me.
Working great for me.
Working great for me.
Working great for me.
Working great for me.
Working great for me.
Working great for me.
Very useful, allows you to scan barcodes as well as QR codes. I'll be saving money in shops from now on!
Very useful, allows you to scan barcodes as well as QR codes. I'll be saving money in shops from now on!
Very useful, allows you to scan barcodes as well as QR codes. I'll be saving money in shops from now on!
Very useful, allows you to scan barcodes as well as QR codes. I'll be saving money in shops from now on!
Very useful, allows you to scan barcodes as well as QR codes. I'll be saving money in shops from now on!
What a great app! Im even getting free stuff from participating stores.
Amazing app extreamly usefull and so simple my 5 year old can figure it out!
I use it to copy in a fast way url from my main pc to my galaxy tab. To generate the qr code on my pc, there is many firefox addons .
Cool
Great and easy app to use! Absolutely no problems getting this to scan so far.
Great and easy app to use! Absolutely no problems getting this to scan so far.
Great and easy app to use! Absolutely no problems getting this to scan so far.
Works like a champ. Don't like the new menus but all the functions work and that's what matters.
Love it
Great
Great
It could be 5 from me, but it's slow sometimes, and it keeps saying I have an available update when I don't, requiring a reinstall.
I love it. Works great.
Excellent!
Excellent!
Works well. DROIDX
Works well. DROIDX
Works well. DROIDX
I have tried this ap at least a dozen times where a friend with an I-phone can read a QR code and this app on my Droid2 cannot. Goodbye lame app ....
I have tried this ap at least a dozen times where a friend with an I-phone can read a QR code and this app on my Droid2 cannot. Goodbye lame app ....
Wow! Great new design and function! I loved it! To ORBroncoFan: Did u read the description?
Wow! Great new design and function! I loved it! To ORBroncoFan: Did u read the description?
Wow! Great new design and function! I loved it! To ORBroncoFan: Did u read the description?
Easy to use no errors does what its supposed to without starting up all the time
Hate this app ruined my phone
Hate this app ruined my phone
More featured than most but can be hard to read the codes sometimes
More featured than most but can be hard to read the codes sometimes
Very handy and good app if you use and make QR Codes. Thanx
Excellent app, it does what it says, and it does it well.
Love this app now. Has a preview and everything i need. Thank you for the updates and saves. Long live android!
Zooms in when light is turned on. Gets annoying. Plz remove or ad an option. HTC thunderbolt.
Works great rooted HTC EVO
Works great rooted HTC EVO
Works great rooted HTC EVO
It says there is an update available but i dont see a place to click so i can update it? It just has OPEN or UNINSTALL options?
It says there is an update available but i dont see a place to click so i can update it? It just has OPEN or UNINSTALL options?
I LOVE the update changes! This is THE best QR reader/ writer on Android! :D
I LOVE the update changes! This is THE best QR reader/ writer on Android! :D
I use it everyday to download Roms and kernels. :)
:))
:))
Liked the old darker UI.. but the program works flawlessly
Liked the old darker UI.. but the program works flawlessly
Works like a charm. Great when your shopping to compare prices and look for reviews. My kids love it at a book store to quickly find reviews of books.
Works like a charm. Great when your shopping to compare prices and look for reviews. My kids love it at a book store to quickly find reviews of books.
Cool. I was getting tired of typing/searching, now I can just scan and read. I guess that's why it's the NOW network.
Cool. I was getting tired of typing/searching, now I can just scan and read. I guess that's why it's the NOW network.
Does everything perfect
Wow this is the most amazing QR reader in android hands down! Love the new UI! Thanks!
Wow this is the most amazing QR reader in android hands down! Love the new UI! Thanks!
Wow this is the most amazing QR reader in android hands down! Love the new UI! Thanks!
Wow this is the most amazing QR reader in android hands down! Love the new UI! Thanks!
Wow this is the most amazing QR reader in android hands down! Love the new UI! Thanks!
Wow this is the most amazing QR reader in android hands down! Love the new UI! Thanks!
Wow this is the most amazing QR reader in android hands down! Love the new UI! Thanks!
Does what it says. Not an app that i use frequently, but then again, there aren't QR codes on everything.
Does what it says. Not an app that i use frequently, but then again, there aren't QR codes on everything.
Does what it says. Not an app that i use frequently, but then again, there aren't QR codes on everything.
Una exelente actualizacin seria que se pudiera hacer una biblioteca con tus propios cdigos :-)
DROID pro worked on install no issues. Nice app
DROID pro worked on install no issues. Nice app
DROID pro worked on install no issues. Nice app
DROID pro worked on install no issues. Nice app
Htc evo 4g. Great ui. No problems so far. Seems to be stable with minimal processor drain. Quick and responsive with easily understood prompts.
I just got the new app so im just geting use to it . The bad part is that I cant really delete my history . Its just really out there in the open .
I just got the new app so im just geting use to it . The bad part is that I cant really delete my history . Its just really out there in the open .
I just got the new app so im just geting use to it . The bad part is that I cant really delete my history . Its just really out there in the open .
I just got the new app so im just geting use to it . The bad part is that I cant really delete my history . Its just really out there in the open .
I just got the new app so im just geting use to it . The bad part is that I cant really delete my history . Its just really out there in the open .
Easy to use and very handy.
Easy to use and very handy.
Easy to use and very handy.
This is awesome, installed it on all 3 of my phones
Very useful app!
Very useful app!
Very useful app!
Very useful app!
Very useful app!
Fantastic tool! Does not turn light on when scanning, there fore there's no glare on the image that disrupts the scanning.
Fantastic tool! Does not turn light on when scanning, there fore there's no glare on the image that disrupts the scanning.
Fantastic tool! Does not turn light on when scanning, there fore there's no glare on the image that disrupts the scanning.
Fantastic tool! Does not turn light on when scanning, there fore there's no glare on the image that disrupts the scanning.
Fantastic tool! Does not turn light on when scanning, there fore there's no glare on the image that disrupts the scanning.
Fantastic tool! Does not turn light on when scanning, there fore there's no glare on the image that disrupts the scanning.
Fantastic tool! Does not turn light on when scanning, there fore there's no glare on the image that disrupts the scanning.
have to hold my phone 30-45 so it can scan the QRcode during all that time it scan in and out with lots of lite blue dot flashing all over the place. I am using an LG Optimus 2x with 2 core which is one of the fastest phone those days!
Very2 usefull indeed...
Very2 usefull indeed...
Works wonderful. Used at the pittsburgh zoo to learn more about the animals! Awesome
Works every time! Never have had any problems with it (and I use it almost daily)!
This is a great tool! And its fun, too!
This is a great tool! And its fun, too!
This is a great tool! And its fun, too!
Its cool
Its cool
Its cool
Its cool
Its cool
Its cool
Its cool
Its cool
It's a very good app. Works well for the Incredible S
It's a very good app. Works well for the Incredible S
It's a very good app. Works well for the Incredible S
It's a very good app. Works well for the Incredible S
It's a very good app. Works well for the Incredible S
It's a very good app. Works well for the Incredible S
It's a very good app. Works well for the Incredible S
It's a very good app. Works well for the Incredible S
It's a very good app. Works well for the Incredible S
It's a very good app. Works well for the Incredible S
It's a very good app. Works well for the Incredible S
Its soo sick works good except I can't find out how to get the saved pics you make
Its soo sick works good except I can't find out how to get the saved pics you make
Allows me to create my own codes and save to JPG or BMP! Best decoer/encoder!
Allows me to create my own codes and save to JPG or BMP! Best decoer/encoder!
Allows me to create my own codes and save to JPG or BMP! Best decoer/encoder!
Allows me to create my own codes and save to JPG or BMP! Best decoer/encoder!
Allows me to create my own codes and save to JPG or BMP! Best decoer/encoder!
Allows me to create my own codes and save to JPG or BMP! Best decoer/encoder!
Allows me to create my own codes and save to JPG or BMP! Best decoer/encoder!
Allows me to create my own codes and save to JPG or BMP! Best decoer/encoder!
Allows me to create my own codes and save to JPG or BMP! Best decoer/encoder!
Allows me to create my own codes and save to JPG or BMP! Best decoer/encoder!
This app is great. The reader works even in really glaring sunlight. Gives you tons of information with just a little barcode.
This app is great. The reader works even in really glaring sunlight. Gives you tons of information with just a little barcode.
This app is great. The reader works even in really glaring sunlight. Gives you tons of information with just a little barcode.
This app is great. The reader works even in really glaring sunlight. Gives you tons of information with just a little barcode.
This app is great. The reader works even in really glaring sunlight. Gives you tons of information with just a little barcode.
I can get you any paid application on market for free, simply follow me on Twitter @JoyTheFranklin and let me know the game you need. Cheers!
Wouldn't work on my Droid X. Tried several different tags. It just keeps scanning over & over.
Wouldn't work on my Droid X. Tried several different tags. It just keeps scanning over & over.
Wouldn't work on my Droid X. Tried several different tags. It just keeps scanning over & over.
Wouldn't work on my Droid X. Tried several different tags. It just keeps scanning over & over.
Wouldn't work on my Droid X. Tried several different tags. It just keeps scanning over & over.
Wouldn't work on my Droid X. Tried several different tags. It just keeps scanning over & over.
Wouldn't work on my Droid X. Tried several different tags. It just keeps scanning over & over.
Wouldn't work on my Droid X. Tried several different tags. It just keeps scanning over & over.
Wouldn't work on my Droid X. Tried several different tags. It just keeps scanning over & over.
Wouldn't work on my Droid X. Tried several different tags. It just keeps scanning over & over.
Wouldn't work on my Droid X. Tried several different tags. It just keeps scanning over & over.
Wouldn't work on my Droid X. Tried several different tags. It just keeps scanning over & over.
Wouldn't work on my Droid X. Tried several different tags. It just keeps scanning over & over.
Wouldn't work on my Droid X. Tried several different tags. It just keeps scanning over & over.
It's fine until the 15th use, then out fogs up the camera with a graphic.
It's fine until the 15th use, then out fogs up the camera with a graphic.
It's fine until the 15th use, then out fogs up the camera with a graphic.
One of the most complete apps I've downloaded. The only reason this wouldn't work is if your camera phone is horrible. Don't blame the developer.
does what it says on the tin
does what it says on the tin
does what it says on the tin
does what it says on the tin
does what it says on the tin
I tried i-nigma first and it did nto work with my phone - could not access the camera. They claim compatibility with Japanese phones, and mine is an LG Optimus which is Korean origin. Anyway, this one works great and is fast. I would have installed the V4 Beta if I had seen it. I like that DroidLa gives the app for free, then you can choose to stop the ADs and promote the project by sending $1.50+ by PayPal to get a code to enter. Recommended by PC Mag is also encouraging.
I tried i-nigma first and it did nto work with my phone - could not access the camera. They claim compatibility with Japanese phones, and mine is an LG Optimus which is Korean origin. Anyway, this one works great and is fast. I would have installed the V4 Beta if I had seen it. I like that DroidLa gives the app for free, then you can choose to stop the ADs and promote the project by sending $1.50+ by PayPal to get a code to enter. Recommended by PC Mag is also encouraging.
I tried i-nigma first and it did nto work with my phone - could not access the camera. They claim compatibility with Japanese phones, and mine is an LG Optimus which is Korean origin. Anyway, this one works great and is fast. I would have installed the V4 Beta if I had seen it. I like that DroidLa gives the app for free, then you can choose to stop the ADs and promote the project by sending $1.50+ by PayPal to get a code to enter. Recommended by PC Mag is also encouraging.
I tried i-nigma first and it did nto work with my phone - could not access the camera. They claim compatibility with Japanese phones, and mine is an LG Optimus which is Korean origin. Anyway, this one works great and is fast. I would have installed the V4 Beta if I had seen it. I like that DroidLa gives the app for free, then you can choose to stop the ADs and promote the project by sending $1.50+ by PayPal to get a code to enter. Recommended by PC Mag is also encouraging.
Easy to use, good result and preview. Nice to have apps for instant barcode generated.
Gets the job done if you can wait around for a few minutes for it to recognize the QR. Camera keeps focusing and unfocusing. Found better app.
Awesome app! Create and decode on the fly. I use it for promotions and I also capture codes while I'm out and about.
Fast. Feature rich. Free. I have been using this little app about three months and love it!
Fast. Feature rich. Free. I have been using this little app about three months and love it!
It never scans any codes. Gets blurry and then clear, only to do it all over again
It never scans any codes. Gets blurry and then clear, only to do it all over again
It never scans any codes. Gets blurry and then clear, only to do it all over again
It never scans any codes. Gets blurry and then clear, only to do it all over again
It never scans any codes. Gets blurry and then clear, only to do it all over again
It never scans any codes. Gets blurry and then clear, only to do it all over again
It never scans any codes. Gets blurry and then clear, only to do it all over again
Just scan the bar code. Don't need duplicates of what my phone already has. Waste of space - delete
Just scan the bar code. Don't need duplicates of what my phone already has. Waste of space - delete
Some functions are completely useless but add to the effect I suppose. Always right, very handy.
Some functions are completely useless but add to the effect I suppose. Always right, very handy.
Some functions are completely useless but add to the effect I suppose. Always right, very handy.
When scanning from camera, places the "Scan from url" image on top of the image so you can't see what you're scanning. Please fix! HTC EVO 4G, Sprint.
When scanning from camera, places the "Scan from url" image on top of the image so you can't see what you're scanning. Please fix! HTC EVO 4G, Sprint.
Web search icon not shown When scanning from camera
Web search icon not shown When scanning from camera
Has a great amount of features, but needs a better UI/Interface
Just want a scanner this thing got my contacts and everything else on 1 screen worked on a papa johns box
Just want a scanner this thing got my contacts and everything else on 1 screen worked on a papa johns box
Just want a scanner this thing got my contacts and everything else on 1 screen worked on a papa johns box
Just want a scanner this thing got my contacts and everything else on 1 screen worked on a papa johns box
Just want a scanner this thing got my contacts and everything else on 1 screen worked on a papa johns box
Yesterday I downloaded it and it wouldn't work. For some reason today it works perfectly
Yesterday I downloaded it and it wouldn't work. For some reason today it works perfectly
Yesterday I downloaded it and it wouldn't work. For some reason today it works perfectly
Yesterday I downloaded it and it wouldn't work. For some reason today it works perfectly
Yesterday I downloaded it and it wouldn't work. For some reason today it works perfectly
Yesterday I downloaded it and it wouldn't work. For some reason today it works perfectly
Yesterday I downloaded it and it wouldn't work. For some reason today it works perfectly
Yesterday I downloaded it and it wouldn't work. For some reason today it works perfectly
Yesterday I downloaded it and it wouldn't work. For some reason today it works perfectly
Yesterday I downloaded it and it wouldn't work. For some reason today it works perfectly
Yesterday I downloaded it and it wouldn't work. For some reason today it works perfectly
Yesterday I downloaded it and it wouldn't work. For some reason today it works perfectly
Yesterday I downloaded it and it wouldn't work. For some reason today it works perfectly
Yesterday I downloaded it and it wouldn't work. For some reason today it works perfectly
Yesterday I downloaded it and it wouldn't work. For some reason today it works perfectly
Yesterday I downloaded it and it wouldn't work. For some reason today it works perfectly
Yesterday I downloaded it and it wouldn't work. For some reason today it works perfectly
Yesterday I downloaded it and it wouldn't work. For some reason today it works perfectly
Blurred when using camera to decode any code using my MotoBlur or Flipside. Does NOT work!!!
Blurred when using camera to decode any code using my MotoBlur or Flipside. Does NOT work!!!
Blurred when using camera to decode any code using my MotoBlur or Flipside. Does NOT work!!!
Blurred when using camera to decode any code using my MotoBlur or Flipside. Does NOT work!!!
Blurred when using camera to decode any code using my MotoBlur or Flipside. Does NOT work!!!
Blurred when using camera to decode any code using my MotoBlur or Flipside. Does NOT work!!!
It decodes almost every code I have in the house, including bar codes, with rare errors! More than I expected! :-)
It decodes almost every code I have in the house, including bar codes, with rare errors! More than I expected! :-)
It decodes almost every code I have in the house, including bar codes, with rare errors! More than I expected! :-)
It decodes almost every code I have in the house, including bar codes, with rare errors! More than I expected! :-)
It decodes almost every code I have in the house, including bar codes, with rare errors! More than I expected! :-)
There's so many uses for this. Great app.
There's so many uses for this. Great app.
There's so many uses for this. Great app.
Helped me look up the price of something at the store. I've tried other scanner apps and this ones the best in my opinion.Works good on optimus s.
App cant read my computer screens BARELY. Needs better detection, had to blow it up. 3/5, needs improvement. Moto Droid.
App cant read my computer screens BARELY. Needs better detection, had to blow it up. 3/5, needs improvement. Moto Droid.
App cant read my computer screens BARELY. Needs better detection, had to blow it up. 3/5, needs improvement. Moto Droid.
If your looking for an easy app to compare prices between stores in your area by scanning the barcode of the item with your camera I say use redlaser
If your looking for an easy app to compare prices between stores in your area by scanning the barcode of the item with your camera I say use redlaser
If your looking for an easy app to compare prices between stores in your area by scanning the barcode of the item with your camera I say use redlaser
Took me awhile to get the camera function down (user error) solid app. Droid 2 Global
Took me awhile to get the camera function down (user error) solid app. Droid 2 Global
Took me awhile to get the camera function down (user error) solid app. Droid 2 Global
One example of a great UI and multifunction app. No bugs so far. Moto droid 2 global.
Love this app! We are using it to put QR codes on all our new marketing stuff at work!
Love this app! We are using it to put QR codes on all our new marketing stuff at work!
Very slick, well executed app. Don't see why it needs contact access, but still great.
Very slick, well executed app. Don't see why it needs contact access, but still great.
Very slick, well executed app. Don't see why it needs contact access, but still great.
Love this app and this concept. Pretty soon we wont need to carry business cards. This is great for marketing your business info...no more flyers.
Love this app and this concept. Pretty soon we wont need to carry business cards. This is great for marketing your business info...no more flyers.
its awesome! its so cool when it decode the things and tells you what website they are.
its awesome! its so cool when it decode the things and tells you what website they are.
its awesome! its so cool when it decode the things and tells you what website they are.
Slick interface and lots of cool features. Nicest barcode app I have seen so far. HTC Hero cdma.
I just tried for apps but I must say it is really fast and easy to use.-- xperia arc
Very good QR scanner. Has been able to scan arcades in low light that other apps couldn't. You can manually turn on theft light when scanning.
Very good QR scanner. Has been able to scan arcades in low light that other apps couldn't. You can manually turn on theft light when scanning.
Very good QR scanner. Has been able to scan arcades in low light that other apps couldn't. You can manually turn on theft light when scanning.
Very good QR scanner. Has been able to scan arcades in low light that other apps couldn't. You can manually turn on theft light when scanning.
Very good QR scanner. Has been able to scan arcades in low light that other apps couldn't. You can manually turn on theft light when scanning.
Very good QR scanner. Has been able to scan arcades in low light that other apps couldn't. You can manually turn on theft light when scanning.
Very good QR scanner. Has been able to scan arcades in low light that other apps couldn't. You can manually turn on theft light when scanning.
Very good QR scanner. Has been able to scan arcades in low light that other apps couldn't. You can manually turn on theft light when scanning.
Very good QR scanner. Has been able to scan arcades in low light that other apps couldn't. You can manually turn on theft light when scanning.
Very good QR scanner. Has been able to scan arcades in low light that other apps couldn't. You can manually turn on theft light when scanning.
Very good QR scanner. Has been able to scan arcades in low light that other apps couldn't. You can manually turn on theft light when scanning.
Awesome app. Very simply to use. Works great with my HTC Evo and Xoom.
Awesome app. Very simply to use. Works great with my HTC Evo and Xoom.
Excelente aplicacin. Muy fcil de usar y muy intuitiva. Hace lo que dice y sin complicaciones. La recomiendo.
Excelente aplicacin. Muy fcil de usar y muy intuitiva. Hace lo que dice y sin complicaciones. La recomiendo.
Excelente aplicacin. Muy fcil de usar y muy intuitiva. Hace lo que dice y sin complicaciones. La recomiendo.
Excelente aplicacin. Muy fcil de usar y muy intuitiva. Hace lo que dice y sin complicaciones. La recomiendo.
Excellent app. Does exactly what is described and what I was looking for. Very good UI, many functions.
Excellent app. Does exactly what is described and what I was looking for. Very good UI, many functions.
This app is simple to use. It also detects the qr code quickly without any trouble.
This app is simple to use. It also detects the qr code quickly without any trouble.
Good app. Never had any trouble with it. Just make sure you give it time to scan, but that's any scanner app. Droid 2.
Good app. Never had any trouble with it. Just make sure you give it time to scan, but that's any scanner app. Droid 2.
Very useful app, didnt get it at first but learned quickly. Gotta adjust the dots on the corner and reads it immediately.
This application does not work I attempted to use it and it just searched but my pastor went on her i phone and did it with out any issues.
This application does not work I attempted to use it and it just searched but my pastor went on her i phone and did it with out any issues.
Very nice app does everything that you need it to do. Donate anything you can,as we need devs like these to continue their awesome work. They need it
This is a great way to share information among your own devices, in addition to decoding those 2D barcodes :-)
This is a great way to share information among your own devices, in addition to decoding those 2D barcodes :-)
Works wonderful with my HTC Thunderbolt unrooted and now rooted....this is a must have tool for every android user!
Works wonderful with my HTC Thunderbolt unrooted and now rooted....this is a must have tool for every android user!
Works wonderful with my HTC Thunderbolt unrooted and now rooted....this is a must have tool for every android user!
Works wonderful with my HTC Thunderbolt unrooted and now rooted....this is a must have tool for every android user!
Love it! Makes it super simple to snatch up a sweet app on the go.
Love it! Makes it super simple to snatch up a sweet app on the go.
This app does not work... Tried several times. Test first before you release to Android Market!!
This app does not work... Tried several times. Test first before you release to Android Market!!
This app does not work... Tried several times. Test first before you release to Android Market!!
This app does not work... Tried several times. Test first before you release to Android Market!!
This app does not work... Tried several times. Test first before you release to Android Market!!
Sends to work ok. I'm new to qr but was able to create a code I added to my email signature and resume that takes people to my linked in resume
This is the absolute perfect QR code reader. The fact it allows one to create codes is a bonus. EVO3D
This is the absolute perfect QR code reader. The fact it allows one to create codes is a bonus. EVO3D
This is the absolute perfect QR code reader. The fact it allows one to create codes is a bonus. EVO3D
This is the absolute perfect QR code reader. The fact it allows one to create codes is a bonus. EVO3D
This is the absolute perfect QR code reader. The fact it allows one to create codes is a bonus. EVO3D
This is the absolute perfect QR code reader. The fact it allows one to create codes is a bonus. EVO3D
This is the absolute perfect QR code reader. The fact it allows one to create codes is a bonus. EVO3D
This is the absolute perfect QR code reader. The fact it allows one to create codes is a bonus. EVO3D
This is the absolute perfect QR code reader. The fact it allows one to create codes is a bonus. EVO3D
This is the absolute perfect QR code reader. The fact it allows one to create codes is a bonus. EVO3D
This is the absolute perfect QR code reader. The fact it allows one to create codes is a bonus. EVO3D
This is the absolute perfect QR code reader. The fact it allows one to create codes is a bonus. EVO3D
Fast, efficient, easy to generate and decode in less than a minute. Takes you right to the website, address or info source!
Fast, efficient, easy to generate and decode in less than a minute. Takes you right to the website, address or info source!
Fast, efficient, easy to generate and decode in less than a minute. Takes you right to the website, address or info source!
Fast, efficient, easy to generate and decode in less than a minute. Takes you right to the website, address or info source!
If you need an app that can handle QR codes you could do a lot worse than this. A good app with a lot of source options.
If you need an app that can handle QR codes you could do a lot worse than this. A good app with a lot of source options.
If you need an app that can handle QR codes you could do a lot worse than this. A good app with a lot of source options.
If you need an app that can handle QR codes you could do a lot worse than this. A good app with a lot of source options.
Does exactly what I need it to do. I recommend this app for anyone looking to generate or use barcodes.
Does exactly what I need it to do. I recommend this app for anyone looking to generate or use barcodes.
I wish doctors receptionist would use this... I could take a picture of my next appointment.... imports directly to my calendar with prescription info
I wish doctors receptionist would use this... I could take a picture of my next appointment.... imports directly to my calendar with prescription info
I wish doctors receptionist would use this... I could take a picture of my next appointment.... imports directly to my calendar with prescription info
I wish doctors receptionist would use this... I could take a picture of my next appointment.... imports directly to my calendar with prescription info
I wish doctors receptionist would use this... I could take a picture of my next appointment.... imports directly to my calendar with prescription info
I wish doctors receptionist would use this... I could take a picture of my next appointment.... imports directly to my calendar with prescription info
I wish doctors receptionist would use this... I could take a picture of my next appointment.... imports directly to my calendar with prescription info
I wish doctors receptionist would use this... I could take a picture of my next appointment.... imports directly to my calendar with prescription info
I wish doctors receptionist would use this... I could take a picture of my next appointment.... imports directly to my calendar with prescription info
I wish doctors receptionist would use this... I could take a picture of my next appointment.... imports directly to my calendar with prescription info
I wish doctors receptionist would use this... I could take a picture of my next appointment.... imports directly to my calendar with prescription info
I wish doctors receptionist would use this... I could take a picture of my next appointment.... imports directly to my calendar with prescription info
I wish doctors receptionist would use this... I could take a picture of my next appointment.... imports directly to my calendar with prescription info
Really great app! There too many tools for my taste since I only needed to scan stuff, but then I found that I can create a shortcut to just the scan
Really great app! There too many tools for my taste since I only needed to scan stuff, but then I found that I can create a shortcut to just the scan
Easily store contacts, mails, urls and simple text. Can really fit many chars in txt recognition.
Easily store contacts, mails, urls and simple text. Can really fit many chars in txt recognition.
Easily store contacts, mails, urls and simple text. Can really fit many chars in txt recognition.
Easily store contacts, mails, urls and simple text. Can really fit many chars in txt recognition.
Easily store contacts, mails, urls and simple text. Can really fit many chars in txt recognition.
Very cool app. I love it and use it every chance I get. A must have app for every android!
Creating and scanning works flawlessly, allows shortcuts to specific functions for the home screen which I think is really useful. Scan time isn't always consistently short but it always does the job. Running on galaxy S2.
Creating and scanning works flawlessly, allows shortcuts to specific functions for the home screen which I think is really useful. Scan time isn't always consistently short but it always does the job. Running on galaxy S2.
Creating and scanning works flawlessly, allows shortcuts to specific functions for the home screen which I think is really useful. Scan time isn't always consistently short but it always does the job. Running on galaxy S2.
Creating and scanning works flawlessly, allows shortcuts to specific functions for the home screen which I think is really useful. Scan time isn't always consistently short but it always does the job. Running on galaxy S2.
Creating and scanning works flawlessly, allows shortcuts to specific functions for the home screen which I think is really useful. Scan time isn't always consistently short but it always does the job. Running on galaxy S2.
Creating and scanning works flawlessly, allows shortcuts to specific functions for the home screen which I think is really useful. Scan time isn't always consistently short but it always does the job. Running on galaxy S2.
Very, very cool technology...dig it. Looking forward to using this app to it's full capacity, and intention.
Good for codes but pops up every time you hold search button very annoying (wildfire)
Good for codes but pops up every time you hold search button very annoying (wildfire)
Love it works even when you least expect it to ie. My hospital bracelets it astonished me
Getting a lot of use out of this one. I could use a keyboard scanner though, to scan into all applications.
Best generator I have used yet... Not the best scanner... But still gr8.... Won't scan from a saved photo on my phone... Files 2 large....
Best generator I have used yet... Not the best scanner... But still gr8.... Won't scan from a saved photo on my phone... Files 2 large....
Best generator I have used yet... Not the best scanner... But still gr8.... Won't scan from a saved photo on my phone... Files 2 large....
Best generator I have used yet... Not the best scanner... But still gr8.... Won't scan from a saved photo on my phone... Files 2 large....
Best generator I have used yet... Not the best scanner... But still gr8.... Won't scan from a saved photo on my phone... Files 2 large....
Best generator I have used yet... Not the best scanner... But still gr8.... Won't scan from a saved photo on my phone... Files 2 large....
Best generator I have used yet... Not the best scanner... But still gr8.... Won't scan from a saved photo on my phone... Files 2 large....
Best generator I have used yet... Not the best scanner... But still gr8.... Won't scan from a saved photo on my phone... Files 2 large....
Best generator I have used yet... Not the best scanner... But still gr8.... Won't scan from a saved photo on my phone... Files 2 large....
Best generator I have used yet... Not the best scanner... But still gr8.... Won't scan from a saved photo on my phone... Files 2 large....
Absolute garbage. This app could NOT open a QR code image url of an android app link. FAIL
Absolute garbage. This app could NOT open a QR code image url of an android app link. FAIL
Ads are nonobtrusive, and the app is quick.
Ads are nonobtrusive, and the app is quick.
Ads are nonobtrusive, and the app is quick.
Ads are nonobtrusive, and the app is quick.
Works good. Just h aad hard time getting the phone to focus. Fixed it by making sure all the other things the camera saw were the same distance.
Works good. Just h aad hard time getting the phone to focus. Fixed it by making sure all the other things the camera saw were the same distance.
Works good. Just h aad hard time getting the phone to focus. Fixed it by making sure all the other things the camera saw were the same distance.
cool app, being able to turn anything into a barcode thingy (dont know the term) is very usefull.
cool app, being able to turn anything into a barcode thingy (dont know the term) is very usefull.
so far just been playing but it's amazing - dunno how it works but it does everytime :o)
EXCELLENT APPS. LIKE IT |||||||||||||||||||| \\\\\\\\\\\\[[[[\\\\]]]]] ==================== 
EXCELLENT APPS. LIKE IT |||||||||||||||||||| \\\\\\\\\\\\[[[[\\\\]]]]] ==================== 
EXCELLENT APPS. LIKE IT |||||||||||||||||||| \\\\\\\\\\\\[[[[\\\\]]]]] ==================== 
Best QR reader and creator I ever used. Many useful features that other apps don't have. Get it !
Best QR reader and creator I ever used. Many useful features that other apps don't have. Get it !
Best QR reader and creator I ever used. Many useful features that other apps don't have. Get it !
Best QR reader and creator I ever used. Many useful features that other apps don't have. Get it !
Best QR reader and creator I ever used. Many useful features that other apps don't have. Get it !
Works great on my DX with Gingerbread. Love it!
Works great on my DX with Gingerbread. Love it!
Works great on my DX with Gingerbread. Love it!
Works great on my DX with Gingerbread. Love it!
This app is the best and ive tried everyone of them and this is the best one out there by A long shot.your stupid to not have it.
This app is the best and ive tried everyone of them and this is the best one out there by A long shot.your stupid to not have it.
Great app! Can't wait to see how creative I can get with ways to use it.
Great app! Can't wait to see how creative I can get with ways to use it.
Great app! Can't wait to see how creative I can get with ways to use it.
Works on Samsung Galaxy Tab except the flashlight doesn't work to turn on the LED light.
Works on Samsung Galaxy Tab except the flashlight doesn't work to turn on the LED light.
Works on Samsung Galaxy Tab except the flashlight doesn't work to turn on the LED light.
Works on Samsung Galaxy Tab except the flashlight doesn't work to turn on the LED light.
Works on Samsung Galaxy Tab except the flashlight doesn't work to turn on the LED light.
Works on Samsung Galaxy Tab except the flashlight doesn't work to turn on the LED light.
Awesome QR reader, can read codes and allow you to pick appropriate action like open URL in browser or add event to calander.
Awesome QR reader, can read codes and allow you to pick appropriate action like open URL in browser or add event to calander.
Awesome QR reader, can read codes and allow you to pick appropriate action like open URL in browser or add event to calander.
Its brilliant try it on your driving license it comes up with your number, works quick and gives special offers sometimes.
Its brilliant try it on your driving license it comes up with your number, works quick and gives special offers sometimes.
Its brilliant try it on your driving license it comes up with your number, works quick and gives special offers sometimes.
Its brilliant try it on your driving license it comes up with your number, works quick and gives special offers sometimes.
Awesome. So user friendly. Can choose segment of song you like and assign as a default or to an individual.
Awesome. So user friendly. Can choose segment of song you like and assign as a default or to an individual.
Awesome. So user friendly. Can choose segment of song you like and assign as a default or to an individual.
Takes ages to scan anything for me, if at all. Have found a faster replacement app. HTC Desire.
It sometimes has trouble focusing on close-up codes but otherwise it's a fantastic tool! It even reads UPC codes!
Great QR code generator! Image resizing features are a must when using this app on a large screen tablet device :)
This app is showing me a new level to explore in art... I might even try incorporating it into my ceramics
Works well, although tried to scan my hospital tag and it simply came up with loads of nonsense numbers and letters, akin to a programming language?
Works well, although tried to scan my hospital tag and it simply came up with loads of nonsense numbers and letters, akin to a programming language?
When it works it does what it should. I just find it hard to use.
When it works it does what it should. I just find it hard to use.
When it works it does what it should. I just find it hard to use.
When it works it does what it should. I just find it hard to use.
When it works it does what it should. I just find it hard to use.
When it works it does what it should. I just find it hard to use.
When it works it does what it should. I just find it hard to use.
When it works it does what it should. I just find it hard to use.
When it works it does what it should. I just find it hard to use.
When it works it does what it should. I just find it hard to use.
When it works it does what it should. I just find it hard to use.
When it works it does what it should. I just find it hard to use.
scans fast, excellent feel... i don have to type aymore. damn u qr droid , u made homobsapiens lazy...
scans fast, excellent feel... i don have to type aymore. damn u qr droid , u made homobsapiens lazy...
scans fast, excellent feel... i don have to type aymore. damn u qr droid , u made homobsapiens lazy...
Great little app that I go to first whenever I find a QR code that I want to read.
Does not work well Cant read all Q.R. codes, & User interface is a bit awkward to use if these issues were to be sorted out then I would give a rating
Does not work well Cant read all Q.R. codes, & User interface is a bit awkward to use if these issues were to be sorted out then I would give a rating
These codes are everywhere these days. The application works as promised. Know how to work your phone and the camera.
Not working on desire at all. Wont decode pics or work on cam.... Its on a taco bell cup that specifically says QR code...
Not working on desire at all. Wont decode pics or work on cam.... Its on a taco bell cup that specifically says QR code...
Not working on desire at all. Wont decode pics or work on cam.... Its on a taco bell cup that specifically says QR code...
Not working on desire at all. Wont decode pics or work on cam.... Its on a taco bell cup that specifically says QR code...
Not working on desire at all. Wont decode pics or work on cam.... Its on a taco bell cup that specifically says QR code...
This app is cool. I saw it on the news and I was just amazed how easy and cool it was so I downloaded it.
This app is cool. I saw it on the news and I was just amazed how easy and cool it was so I downloaded it.
Dead easy to use. Put a shortcut to the droid camera on your home screen and you are away laughing!
Dead easy to use. Put a shortcut to the droid camera on your home screen and you are away laughing!
RtdA. G v. V. C - t rduV. Vrx5 dewdrb trsdv. T.g EXdd 5dv. E. ddddv t. Zw-r6
Wt?only d blackberry's on tv can do?wrong! Android is no less.lg optimus 1.giv it 5stars.
Wt?only d blackberry's on tv can do?wrong! Android is no less.lg optimus 1.giv it 5stars.
Wt?only d blackberry's on tv can do?wrong! Android is no less.lg optimus 1.giv it 5stars.
Wt?only d blackberry's on tv can do?wrong! Android is no less.lg optimus 1.giv it 5stars.
Wt?only d blackberry's on tv can do?wrong! Android is no less.lg optimus 1.giv it 5stars.
Wt?only d blackberry's on tv can do?wrong! Android is no less.lg optimus 1.giv it 5stars.
Wt?only d blackberry's on tv can do?wrong! Android is no less.lg optimus 1.giv it 5stars.
Wt?only d blackberry's on tv can do?wrong! Android is no less.lg optimus 1.giv it 5stars.
Very Nice. Loads of options. No need for thought.simple and easy as they should be.
Very Nice. Loads of options. No need for thought.simple and easy as they should be.
This is a great app, I havent used every feature yet, but every part i have used so far warrants 5+ *'s
This is a great app, I havent used every feature yet, but every part i have used so far warrants 5+ *'s
This is a great app, I havent used every feature yet, but every part i have used so far warrants 5+ *'s
This is a great app, I havent used every feature yet, but every part i have used so far warrants 5+ *'s
This is a great app, I havent used every feature yet, but every part i have used so far warrants 5+ *'s
This is a great app, I havent used every feature yet, but every part i have used so far warrants 5+ *'s
Great must have, but needs some way to scroll the text you get after decrypting a image. Also, the codes should go to gallery so you can view them.
Great must have, but needs some way to scroll the text you get after decrypting a image. Also, the codes should go to gallery so you can view them.
Great must have, but needs some way to scroll the text you get after decrypting a image. Also, the codes should go to gallery so you can view them.
I use this with 'mybookdroid' instead of the default. It works very well, has better personalization options and is much better as a stand-alone too.
Had to hold my phone at a funny angle. keeps trying to focus. But it is working fine now.
Had to hold my phone at a funny angle. keeps trying to focus. But it is working fine now.
Too easy to use, scan a code, or make your own... quite useful. Galaxy S2
Too easy to use, scan a code, or make your own... quite useful. Galaxy S2
Too easy to use, scan a code, or make your own... quite useful. Galaxy S2
Too easy to use, scan a code, or make your own... quite useful. Galaxy S2
This is the best qr shop on android. This is also the official one. I highly suggest it.
This is the best qr shop on android. This is also the official one. I highly suggest it.
This is the best qr shop on android. This is also the official one. I highly suggest it.
This is the best qr shop on android. This is also the official one. I highly suggest it.
This is the best qr shop on android. This is also the official one. I highly suggest it.
This is the best qr shop on android. This is also the official one. I highly suggest it.
This is the best qr shop on android. This is also the official one. I highly suggest it.
This is the best qr shop on android. This is also the official one. I highly suggest it.
This is the best qr shop on android. This is also the official one. I highly suggest it.
Main drawback is searching by product barcode (eg. groceries) usually brings up failed results.
Main drawback is searching by product barcode (eg. groceries) usually brings up failed results.
Main drawback is searching by product barcode (eg. groceries) usually brings up failed results.
Main drawback is searching by product barcode (eg. groceries) usually brings up failed results.
Main drawback is searching by product barcode (eg. groceries) usually brings up failed results.
Main drawback is searching by product barcode (eg. groceries) usually brings up failed results.
It is a very good app for some reson. Even fun it takes 2sec to make a 2d barcode and share it
It is a very good app for some reson. Even fun it takes 2sec to make a 2d barcode and share it
It is a very good app for some reson. Even fun it takes 2sec to make a 2d barcode and share it
It is a very good app for some reson. Even fun it takes 2sec to make a 2d barcode and share it
I paid for the ad remove code but never received it. Now in dispute with pay pal to get my money back... waste of time what a rip off... Don't Pay for a code.
I paid for the ad remove code but never received it. Now in dispute with pay pal to get my money back... waste of time what a rip off... Don't Pay for a code.
I paid for the ad remove code but never received it. Now in dispute with pay pal to get my money back... waste of time what a rip off... Don't Pay for a code.
I paid for the ad remove code but never received it. Now in dispute with pay pal to get my money back... waste of time what a rip off... Don't Pay for a code.
I paid for the ad remove code but never received it. Now in dispute with pay pal to get my money back... waste of time what a rip off... Don't Pay for a code.
I have really enjoyed this ap & have been using it steadily for two days. :) It's a keeper & the price is just right.
I have really enjoyed this ap & have been using it steadily for two days. :) It's a keeper & the price is just right.
I have really enjoyed this ap & have been using it steadily for two days. :) It's a keeper & the price is just right.
Does what it's supposed to do: scan the barcode thingy and take you to the related website.
Does what it's supposed to do: scan the barcode thingy and take you to the related website.
Does what it's supposed to do: scan the barcode thingy and take you to the related website.
Does what it's supposed to do: scan the barcode thingy and take you to the related website.
Does what it's supposed to do: scan the barcode thingy and take you to the related website.
Does what it's supposed to do: scan the barcode thingy and take you to the related website.
Very cool. Scanned an obscure book only to discover it on Amazon... not so obscure.
this app works great...(Zio)
this app works great...(Zio)
this app works great...(Zio)
this app works great...(Zio)
this app works great...(Zio)
this app works great...(Zio)
this app works great...(Zio)
this app works great...(Zio)
this app works great...(Zio)
Works well, the only problem is make sure the program is not running in the background when you are doing other things or your battery is dead.(Aria)
Works well, the only problem is make sure the program is not running in the background when you are doing other things or your battery is dead.(Aria)
Works well, the only problem is make sure the program is not running in the background when you are doing other things or your battery is dead.(Aria)
Best of all scanners easy to use an do much more than all others ,well done
Best of all scanners easy to use an do much more than all others ,well done
I have had no probs with this app at all! Free & easy to use HTC desire hd
I have had no probs with this app at all! Free & easy to use HTC desire hd
I have had no probs with this app at all! Free & easy to use HTC desire hd
I have had no probs with this app at all! Free & easy to use HTC desire hd
I have had no probs with this app at all! Free & easy to use HTC desire hd
I've only use this app for a couple of days now, and so far I love it.
I've only use this app for a couple of days now, and so far I love it.
I've only use this app for a couple of days now, and so far I love it.
I've only use this app for a couple of days now, and so far I love it.
I've only use this app for a couple of days now, and so far I love it.
I've only use this app for a couple of days now, and so far I love it.
I've only use this app for a couple of days now, and so far I love it.
Tried this on two different codes and was not able to read any of them useless app
Not crazy about these codes, wish there was just download links but this app works great.
Not crazy about these codes, wish there was just download links but this app works great.
Not crazy about these codes, wish there was just download links but this app works great.
Not crazy about these codes, wish there was just download links but this app works great.
Not crazy about these codes, wish there was just download links but this app works great.
Not crazy about these codes, wish there was just download links but this app works great.
Not crazy about these codes, wish there was just download links but this app works great.
Not crazy about these codes, wish there was just download links but this app works great.
Not crazy about these codes, wish there was just download links but this app works great.
Not crazy about these codes, wish there was just download links but this app works great.
Not crazy about these codes, wish there was just download links but this app works great.
Not crazy about these codes, wish there was just download links but this app works great.
Wow. My first 5 star! Completely not what I expected. It INCLUDED SO MUCH MORE! That's how you make a useful APP! Awesome!
I downloaded this because I wanted a QR reader, but this turned out to be significantly more. Reads and generates all forms of QR. Excellent.
I downloaded this because I wanted a QR reader, but this turned out to be significantly more. Reads and generates all forms of QR. Excellent.
I downloaded this because I wanted a QR reader, but this turned out to be significantly more. Reads and generates all forms of QR. Excellent.
I downloaded this because I wanted a QR reader, but this turned out to be significantly more. Reads and generates all forms of QR. Excellent.
I downloaded this because I wanted a QR reader, but this turned out to be significantly more. Reads and generates all forms of QR. Excellent.
I downloaded this because I wanted a QR reader, but this turned out to be significantly more. Reads and generates all forms of QR. Excellent.
I downloaded this because I wanted a QR reader, but this turned out to be significantly more. Reads and generates all forms of QR. Excellent.
I downloaded this because I wanted a QR reader, but this turned out to be significantly more. Reads and generates all forms of QR. Excellent.
I downloaded this because I wanted a QR reader, but this turned out to be significantly more. Reads and generates all forms of QR. Excellent.
I downloaded this because I wanted a QR reader, but this turned out to be significantly more. Reads and generates all forms of QR. Excellent.
I downloaded this because I wanted a QR reader, but this turned out to be significantly more. Reads and generates all forms of QR. Excellent.
It works and I will be using it to make my very own. Wait to get my site showing it!
It works and I will be using it to make my very own. Wait to get my site showing it!
It works and I will be using it to make my very own. Wait to get my site showing it!
It works and I will be using it to make my very own. Wait to get my site showing it!
It works and I will be using it to make my very own. Wait to get my site showing it!
It works and I will be using it to make my very own. Wait to get my site showing it!
This and ShopSavvy are the only scanner apps I found that support my flash which makes scanning much easier.
Can't even scan a code in a magazine. Tries and tries even in great light and nothing. Just focusing Time to try another scanner this one's a POS.
Insanely cool!!! Even if you don't need it, download it. It is that cool. 6 stars. Lg optimus v.
WARNING, this is malware. After installing it, it said I "had a message", stupid me clicked on it and it began downloading something strange
I agree a with previous comment that the scanning process isn't very obvious, but this is by far the best qr scanner that I have yet found.
I agree a with previous comment that the scanning process isn't very obvious, but this is by far the best qr scanner that I have yet found.
Havent had any problems. I guess its my stupidity but it took me a long time to figure out how to scan...but otherwise no problems
Havent had any problems. I guess its my stupidity but it took me a long time to figure out how to scan...but otherwise no problems
Havent had any problems. I guess its my stupidity but it took me a long time to figure out how to scan...but otherwise no problems
Havent had any problems. I guess its my stupidity but it took me a long time to figure out how to scan...but otherwise no problems
Havent had any problems. I guess its my stupidity but it took me a long time to figure out how to scan...but otherwise no problems
Havent had any problems. I guess its my stupidity but it took me a long time to figure out how to scan...but otherwise no problems
Havent had any problems. I guess its my stupidity but it took me a long time to figure out how to scan...but otherwise no problems
This doesn't work as well as others at SCANNING a QR code. This app is presumably best at creating codes but I haven't tried that yet.
This doesn't work as well as others at SCANNING a QR code. This app is presumably best at creating codes but I haven't tried that yet.
This doesn't work as well as others at SCANNING a QR code. This app is presumably best at creating codes but I haven't tried that yet.
This doesn't work as well as others at SCANNING a QR code. This app is presumably best at creating codes but I haven't tried that yet.
This doesn't work as well as others at SCANNING a QR code. This app is presumably best at creating codes but I haven't tried that yet.
This doesn't work as well as others at SCANNING a QR code. This app is presumably best at creating codes but I haven't tried that yet.
Great app for both reading QR codes and creating codes from a wide variety of sources. I'd recommend it to anyone.
Great app for both reading QR codes and creating codes from a wide variety of sources. I'd recommend it to anyone.
Great app for both reading QR codes and creating codes from a wide variety of sources. I'd recommend it to anyone.
Havent played with all the features but so far this is a pretty neat app.
Havent played with all the features but so far this is a pretty neat app.
Anybody who says this app doesn't work is trying to scan the wrong kind of code. Works perfectly.
Anybody who says this app doesn't work is trying to scan the wrong kind of code. Works perfectly.
Downloaded it to take qr code pics when reading about apps... worked flowlessly, but used only once so far.
Downloaded it to take qr code pics when reading about apps... worked flowlessly, but used only once so far.
Downloaded it to take qr code pics when reading about apps... worked flowlessly, but used only once so far.
Downloaded it to take qr code pics when reading about apps... worked flowlessly, but used only once so far.
Downloaded it to take qr code pics when reading about apps... worked flowlessly, but used only once so far.
Downloaded it to take qr code pics when reading about apps... worked flowlessly, but used only once so far.
Downloaded it to take qr code pics when reading about apps... worked flowlessly, but used only once so far.
Downloaded it to take qr code pics when reading about apps... worked flowlessly, but used only once so far.
Downloaded it to take qr code pics when reading about apps... worked flowlessly, but used only once so far.
Downloaded it to take qr code pics when reading about apps... worked flowlessly, but used only once so far.
Downloaded it to take qr code pics when reading about apps... worked flowlessly, but used only once so far.
Downloaded it to take qr code pics when reading about apps... worked flowlessly, but used only once so far.
Downloaded it to take qr code pics when reading about apps... worked flowlessly, but used only once so far.
Downloaded it to take qr code pics when reading about apps... worked flowlessly, but used only once so far.
Downloaded it to take qr code pics when reading about apps... worked flowlessly, but used only once so far.
Downloaded it to take qr code pics when reading about apps... worked flowlessly, but used only once so far.
A very useful utility for android phone
Want to open URL using Firefox instead of built-in browser. Otherwise great.
I guess I'm totally a dingbat cuz I'm not sure what its supposed to do.
I guess I'm totally a dingbat cuz I'm not sure what its supposed to do.
I guess I'm totally a dingbat cuz I'm not sure what its supposed to do.
I guess I'm totally a dingbat cuz I'm not sure what its supposed to do.
I guess I'm totally a dingbat cuz I'm not sure what its supposed to do.
Cool. Couldn't find a single other app that can turn things into a qr code awesome
Cool. Couldn't find a single other app that can turn things into a qr code awesome
Cool. Couldn't find a single other app that can turn things into a qr code awesome
Cool. Couldn't find a single other app that can turn things into a qr code awesome
I do not understand how it works. I sat there for 5 minutes while it flashed my flash.
It scanned but after installation it jacked up my phone after each use. Constantly caused it to reboot uninstalled and phone is back to normal-droid x
It scanned but after installation it jacked up my phone after each use. Constantly caused it to reboot uninstalled and phone is back to normal-droid x
It scanned but after installation it jacked up my phone after each use. Constantly caused it to reboot uninstalled and phone is back to normal-droid x
It scanned but after installation it jacked up my phone after each use. Constantly caused it to reboot uninstalled and phone is back to normal-droid x
It scanned but after installation it jacked up my phone after each use. Constantly caused it to reboot uninstalled and phone is back to normal-droid x
It scanned but after installation it jacked up my phone after each use. Constantly caused it to reboot uninstalled and phone is back to normal-droid x
All I get is info without ability to "scan" anything. Too bad I can't rate it a ZERO. using droid X
All I get is info without ability to "scan" anything. Too bad I can't rate it a ZERO. using droid X
All I get is info without ability to "scan" anything. Too bad I can't rate it a ZERO. using droid X
I can't find my vcard but I did just get this app. Have not played with it much yet!
I can't find my vcard but I did just get this app. Have not played with it much yet!
I can't find my vcard but I did just get this app. Have not played with it much yet!
I can't find my vcard but I did just get this app. Have not played with it much yet!
I can't find my vcard but I did just get this app. Have not played with it much yet!
Works rather nice. The only reason i am not giving it 5 stars, is that the UI is kind of crap.
Works rather nice. The only reason i am not giving it 5 stars, is that the UI is kind of crap.
This is just one of the coolest ways to do all sorts of business! I couldn't be more pleased with the way the world of technology continues to advance
Awesome app!! Works great. Sent friend some contacts I QR'd and he scanned from the email. TOO COOL. Will definately have fun with this.
Awesome app!! Works great. Sent friend some contacts I QR'd and he scanned from the email. TOO COOL. Will definately have fun with this.
Awesome app!! Works great. Sent friend some contacts I QR'd and he scanned from the email. TOO COOL. Will definately have fun with this.
Awesome app!! Works great. Sent friend some contacts I QR'd and he scanned from the email. TOO COOL. Will definately have fun with this.
Awesome app!! Works great. Sent friend some contacts I QR'd and he scanned from the email. TOO COOL. Will definately have fun with this.
Love the application. I have installed it on my Galaxy Tab as well; it is very handy to have!
Very good application and its work fine
It would be a really nice feature to be able to generate a QR code for a contacts group. Other than that, extremely useful application
It would be a really nice feature to be able to generate a QR code for a contacts group. Other than that, extremely useful application
It would be a really nice feature to be able to generate a QR code for a contacts group. Other than that, extremely useful application
It would be a really nice feature to be able to generate a QR code for a contacts group. Other than that, extremely useful application
I have used other qr readers but this is is bad a**. It let's you create your own messages and send them out. Must have app.
I have used other qr readers but this is is bad a**. It let's you create your own messages and send them out. Must have app.
I have used other qr readers but this is is bad a**. It let's you create your own messages and send them out. Must have app.
Parallel kingdom is the ultimate android game. Dl it and please use code "LULJZ" for extra swag!!
Parallel kingdom is the ultimate android game. Dl it and please use code "LULJZ" for extra swag!!
Parallel kingdom is the ultimate android game. Dl it and please use code "LULJZ" for extra swag!!
Why there are so many bad comments? Works great, never had any probs with scanning codes and does NOT drastically drain battery.
I thought it was really cool making codes from the website and then taking photos of them with my camera.
I thought it was really cool making codes from the website and then taking photos of them with my camera.
Great app it does what its suppose to bug I don't understand the point of a QR codes
Great app it does what its suppose to bug I don't understand the point of a QR codes
Great app it does what its suppose to bug I don't understand the point of a QR codes
Great app it does what its suppose to bug I don't understand the point of a QR codes
Great app it does what its suppose to bug I don't understand the point of a QR codes
Great app it does what its suppose to bug I don't understand the point of a QR codes
Awesome app. Very easy to use. Don't even need instructions to be able to use it
Awesome app. Very easy to use. Don't even need instructions to be able to use it
I first came across this on a PC and found it to be great for so many uses, then I came across this in the market place it great on to Galaxy S. dcsi.
I first came across this on a PC and found it to be great for so many uses, then I came across this in the market place it great on to Galaxy S. dcsi.
Its an ok app but does make it a bit confusing at first. You just have to mess aroun with it.
Its an ok app but does make it a bit confusing at first. You just have to mess aroun with it.
Great features and functionality, the most complete barcode scanner i've come across so far.
Most of the codes scanned from magazines don't go to the page it directs to.
Most of the codes scanned from magazines don't go to the page it directs to.
Does exactly what it says, very good app. Decodes other formats, surprised. Would love support for the US2D format.
A little tough to learn but once I get it figured out I think it will be great
A little tough to learn but once I get it figured out I think it will be great
Iv had wildfire 6 months tried 1000's iv apps but did get to try this until yestaday didn't think is like it I was wrong I love it top apps
Not a bad app. Not all that useful unless all ur friends can scan QRs. Wish saved codes would go into the gallery tho
Not a bad app. Not all that useful unless all ur friends can scan QRs. Wish saved codes would go into the gallery tho
Works as advertised. Love that it can decifer QRs from almost anywhere. missing for me is ability to generate WiFi login. Otherwise complete
Works as advertised. Love that it can decifer QRs from almost anywhere. missing for me is ability to generate WiFi login. Otherwise complete
Works as advertised. Love that it can decifer QRs from almost anywhere. missing for me is ability to generate WiFi login. Otherwise complete
Can't scan a barcode image with a Moto Milestone. Android 2.2. My camera might be the cause though. I don't know.
Can't scan a barcode image with a Moto Milestone. Android 2.2. My camera might be the cause though. I don't know.
I have never NOT gotten it to scan a code from my Galaxy S, but sometimes I've had to fudge the distance or clean up the image for better scanning
I have never NOT gotten it to scan a code from my Galaxy S, but sometimes I've had to fudge the distance or clean up the image for better scanning
Love the application. I just take a picture of the barcode. I find that to be the easiest way.
Love the application. I just take a picture of the barcode. I find that to be the easiest way.
Love the application. I just take a picture of the barcode. I find that to be the easiest way.
Awesome little app. Wish I could disable the flashlight button. I have no flashlight and my camera becomes unusable until I restart my phone :(
Doesn't feel very user friendly. I need something I can use quick without a learning curve.
Doesn't feel very user friendly. I need something I can use quick without a learning curve.
Doesn't feel very user friendly. I need something I can use quick without a learning curve.
Doesn't feel very user friendly. I need something I can use quick without a learning curve.
Works great with creating QR Codes but hang a little trouble scanning. Still five stars all the way. Great app!!!!
Works great with creating QR Codes but hang a little trouble scanning. Still five stars all the way. Great app!!!!
On first code it didn't work. On second one it didn't work either. Uninstalled. Droid X
On first code it didn't work. On second one it didn't work either. Uninstalled. Droid X
On first code it didn't work. On second one it didn't work either. Uninstalled. Droid X
On first code it didn't work. On second one it didn't work either. Uninstalled. Droid X
Love this and has saved me a ton of time when shopping online or storing contacts. HTC EVO Shift 4G
Love this and has saved me a ton of time when shopping online or storing contacts. HTC EVO Shift 4G
Love this and has saved me a ton of time when shopping online or storing contacts. HTC EVO Shift 4G
It does nt open my saved pictures to be decoded. Otherwise a good app. Galaxy s
Like this app enough I feel it important enough to rate! Good job! -- Nexus S
Works great. I wish it would open directly to the camera view but otherwise my #1 app for barcodes
After downloading and extensively testing all the available free barcode and QR code scanners, this one is definitely the best.
After downloading and extensively testing all the available free barcode and QR code scanners, this one is definitely the best.
After downloading and extensively testing all the available free barcode and QR code scanners, this one is definitely the best.
After downloading and extensively testing all the available free barcode and QR code scanners, this one is definitely the best.
After downloading and extensively testing all the available free barcode and QR code scanners, this one is definitely the best.
After downloading and extensively testing all the available free barcode and QR code scanners, this one is definitely the best.
After downloading and extensively testing all the available free barcode and QR code scanners, this one is definitely the best.
After downloading and extensively testing all the available free barcode and QR code scanners, this one is definitely the best.
After downloading and extensively testing all the available free barcode and QR code scanners, this one is definitely the best.
After downloading and extensively testing all the available free barcode and QR code scanners, this one is definitely the best.
Well, in't technology brilliant. A load of pixels is actually translated into something useful. The future is gonna save space & time. WOW!
Really great functionality and complete app. I'm afraid there are some power drainage issues though. Tired of force closing, I'll need a substitute.
Really great functionality and complete app. I'm afraid there are some power drainage issues though. Tired of force closing, I'll need a substitute.
Really great functionality and complete app. I'm afraid there are some power drainage issues though. Tired of force closing, I'll need a substitute.
Really great functionality and complete app. I'm afraid there are some power drainage issues though. Tired of force closing, I'll need a substitute.
Really great functionality and complete app. I'm afraid there are some power drainage issues though. Tired of force closing, I'll need a substitute.
Really great functionality and complete app. I'm afraid there are some power drainage issues though. Tired of force closing, I'll need a substitute.
Works like a charm! Just snap a photo of the barcode and "POOF" it will show you the URL or translated barcode number.
Works like a charm! Just snap a photo of the barcode and "POOF" it will show you the URL or translated barcode number.
Works like a charm! Just snap a photo of the barcode and "POOF" it will show you the URL or translated barcode number.
Works like a charm! Just snap a photo of the barcode and "POOF" it will show you the URL or translated barcode number.
Works like a charm! Just snap a photo of the barcode and "POOF" it will show you the URL or translated barcode number.
Works like a charm! Just snap a photo of the barcode and "POOF" it will show you the URL or translated barcode number.
Works like a charm! Just snap a photo of the barcode and "POOF" it will show you the URL or translated barcode number.
The best, most powerful and most flexible QR / barcode scanner on the Market.
The best, most powerful and most flexible QR / barcode scanner on the Market.
The best, most powerful and most flexible QR / barcode scanner on the Market.
Went to old navy and needed this AP. It uploaded quickly a d worked perfectly. And I am not a tech-savvy person.
Went to old navy and needed this AP. It uploaded quickly a d worked perfectly. And I am not a tech-savvy person.
Went to old navy and needed this AP. It uploaded quickly a d worked perfectly. And I am not a tech-savvy person.
Went to old navy and needed this AP. It uploaded quickly a d worked perfectly. And I am not a tech-savvy person.
Went to old navy and needed this AP. It uploaded quickly a d worked perfectly. And I am not a tech-savvy person.
This is ok. It has an annoying advertisment for dating service that sometimes gets in the way. I wish they had a delete ad button.
It works great and has saved me money. It doesnt do barcodes and not all products have the symbol yet. Other than that it is awesome!
It works great and has saved me money. It doesnt do barcodes and not all products have the symbol yet. Other than that it is awesome!
It works great and has saved me money. It doesnt do barcodes and not all products have the symbol yet. Other than that it is awesome!
It works great and has saved me money. It doesnt do barcodes and not all products have the symbol yet. Other than that it is awesome!
Bug found in app created n saved url image can not be decoded due to too many data... have to use other reader or open from history file.
Bug found in app created n saved url image can not be decoded due to too many data... have to use other reader or open from history file.
Bug found in app created n saved url image can not be decoded due to too many data... have to use other reader or open from history file.
Bug found in app created n saved url image can not be decoded due to too many data... have to use other reader or open from history file.
Love being able to do long press on Search key on my HTC Desire to get instant access.
Love being able to do long press on Search key on my HTC Desire to get instant access.
Love being able to do long press on Search key on my HTC Desire to get instant access.
I had this app when I had Andoid 2.1. But now on Froyo i can't install it (not supported). Samsung I5500.
Very cool! Seems very stable and intuitive. Scan is fast. Nice having barcode scanning and creation in one app.
Very cool! Seems very stable and intuitive. Scan is fast. Nice having barcode scanning and creation in one app.
Very cool! Seems very stable and intuitive. Scan is fast. Nice having barcode scanning and creation in one app.
These [QRimages] are notorious for their being difficult to get working properly for some reason. This application is good to have & works great!
These [QRimages] are notorious for their being difficult to get working properly for some reason. This application is good to have & works great!
Amazingly well done. Wish there were more apps this well made on the market. Bang up work.
Amazingly well done. Wish there were more apps this well made on the market. Bang up work.
Amazingly well done. Wish there were more apps this well made on the market. Bang up work.
Nice program. The last version impro ed the performance. Almost every time does the things it is supposed to do.
Nice program. The last version impro ed the performance. Almost every time does the things it is supposed to do.
Nice program. The last version impro ed the performance. Almost every time does the things it is supposed to do.
Nice program. The last version impro ed the performance. Almost every time does the things it is supposed to do.
It scanned a barcode for a download before I knew it. Very easy to use.
It scanned a barcode for a download before I knew it. Very easy to use.
Have used the QR generator on Mac and the reader on my Droid phone and they work great.
When I scanned it would go to unwanted ads, and asked if I wanted to purchase a code. Did not like
When I scanned it would go to unwanted ads, and asked if I wanted to purchase a code. Did not like
When I scanned it would go to unwanted ads, and asked if I wanted to purchase a code. Did not like
When I scanned it would go to unwanted ads, and asked if I wanted to purchase a code. Did not like
When I scanned it would go to unwanted ads, and asked if I wanted to purchase a code. Did not like
When I scanned it would go to unwanted ads, and asked if I wanted to purchase a code. Did not like
When I scanned it would go to unwanted ads, and asked if I wanted to purchase a code. Did not like
When I scanned it would go to unwanted ads, and asked if I wanted to purchase a code. Did not like
Absolutely amazing!!
So far it's working great, only used it a couple of times, no problems yet on froyo samsung vibrant
So far it's working great, only used it a couple of times, no problems yet on froyo samsung vibrant
So far it's working great, only used it a couple of times, no problems yet on froyo samsung vibrant
So far it's working great, only used it a couple of times, no problems yet on froyo samsung vibrant
So far it's working great, only used it a couple of times, no problems yet on froyo samsung vibrant
So far it's working great, only used it a couple of times, no problems yet on froyo samsung vibrant
So far it's working great, only used it a couple of times, no problems yet on froyo samsung vibrant
Idk if I'm doing this right but it doesn't seem to want to work... cause I've had it before and it worked just fine
This app works great and is fast. So far hasnt caused any freeze ups or crashes as other apps have.
Sweet app, works better than I had expected with a load of extra features too. :-)
Sweet app, works better than I had expected with a load of extra features too. :-)
Sweet app, works better than I had expected with a load of extra features too. :-)
Sweet app, works better than I had expected with a load of extra features too. :-)
Works great on my X. If it only keeps trying to focus, back the phone up. You don't have to be that close. Pretty nifty!
Works great on my X. If it only keeps trying to focus, back the phone up. You don't have to be that close. Pretty nifty!
Seems like it could be useful but was the last app i installed and fone is now lagging. Will uninstall and see if this is the culpit samsung galaxy
Seems like it could be useful but was the last app i installed and fone is now lagging. Will uninstall and see if this is the culpit samsung galaxy
Seems like it could be useful but was the last app i installed and fone is now lagging. Will uninstall and see if this is the culpit samsung galaxy
Pretty flipping nifty app. Only think that would make it better is of you could convert images into codes
Pretty flipping nifty app. Only think that would make it better is of you could convert images into codes
Been using it for about a week now. It's a fun little app, and I haven't had any issues at all. HTC Evo 4G.
Been using it for about a week now. It's a fun little app, and I haven't had any issues at all. HTC Evo 4G.
Been using it for about a week now. It's a fun little app, and I haven't had any issues at all. HTC Evo 4G.
Been using it for about a week now. It's a fun little app, and I haven't had any issues at all. HTC Evo 4G.
Been using it for about a week now. It's a fun little app, and I haven't had any issues at all. HTC Evo 4G.
Been using it for about a week now. It's a fun little app, and I haven't had any issues at all. HTC Evo 4G.
Very nice program! Conveniently create your own QR Code for your friends to scan instead of type in!
Very nice program! Conveniently create your own QR Code for your friends to scan instead of type in!
Very nice program! Conveniently create your own QR Code for your friends to scan instead of type in!
Very nice program! Conveniently create your own QR Code for your friends to scan instead of type in!
Very nice program! Conveniently create your own QR Code for your friends to scan instead of type in!
Very nice program! Conveniently create your own QR Code for your friends to scan instead of type in!
Very nice program! Conveniently create your own QR Code for your friends to scan instead of type in!
Very nice program! Conveniently create your own QR Code for your friends to scan instead of type in!
Works well! Easy installation and use, just needs a little help reading in some cases...remember to use the light option if you have it!
The camera wouldn't take the picture after 30 sec. Of focusing. Sorry but it's a dud. Samsung intercept
The camera wouldn't take the picture after 30 sec. Of focusing. Sorry but it's a dud. Samsung intercept
The camera wouldn't take the picture after 30 sec. Of focusing. Sorry but it's a dud. Samsung intercept
The camera wouldn't take the picture after 30 sec. Of focusing. Sorry but it's a dud. Samsung intercept
The camera wouldn't take the picture after 30 sec. Of focusing. Sorry but it's a dud. Samsung intercept
The camera wouldn't take the picture after 30 sec. Of focusing. Sorry but it's a dud. Samsung intercept
The camera wouldn't take the picture after 30 sec. Of focusing. Sorry but it's a dud. Samsung intercept
The camera wouldn't take the picture after 30 sec. Of focusing. Sorry but it's a dud. Samsung intercept
The camera wouldn't take the picture after 30 sec. Of focusing. Sorry but it's a dud. Samsung intercept
Does a great job of scanning codes, but by God it chews up my battery. Permanently the second-highest juice user on battery info.
Does a great job of scanning codes, but by God it chews up my battery. Permanently the second-highest juice user on battery info.
I immediately recognized the QR code in the Stephen Colbert Friday skit. My droid with this app did not. Failure. Nice interface, though
I immediately recognized the QR code in the Stephen Colbert Friday skit. My droid with this app did not. Failure. Nice interface, though
Works every time without any problems. I also Luke that you can make your own. My friends like to send messages to each other with it. :-)
This is a great app! I had the Microsoft tag reader app first, and it doesn't even compare
This is a great app! I had the Microsoft tag reader app first, and it doesn't even compare
This is a great app! I had the Microsoft tag reader app first, and it doesn't even compare
This is a great app! I had the Microsoft tag reader app first, and it doesn't even compare
Great app. I only wish the geo location could be pulled from my GPS...other than that is awesome.
Good but setup of main screen could be better but other than than that pretty good
Good but setup of main screen could be better but other than than that pretty good
Good but setup of main screen could be better but other than than that pretty good
Good but setup of main screen could be better but other than than that pretty good
Good but setup of main screen could be better but other than than that pretty good
Good but setup of main screen could be better but other than than that pretty good
Good but setup of main screen could be better but other than than that pretty good
Good but setup of main screen could be better but other than than that pretty good
Good but setup of main screen could be better but other than than that pretty good
Amusing. I have no practical use, but it is fun to play with. App works great with no technical issues.
Amusing. I have no practical use, but it is fun to play with. App works great with no technical issues.
Amusing. I have no practical use, but it is fun to play with. App works great with no technical issues.
Will not work on Motorola Flipside. Camera does not focus on objects up close. Not the fault of app, phone's problem.
Will not work on Motorola Flipside. Camera does not focus on objects up close. Not the fault of app, phone's problem.
Will not work on Motorola Flipside. Camera does not focus on objects up close. Not the fault of app, phone's problem.
Will not work on Motorola Flipside. Camera does not focus on objects up close. Not the fault of app, phone's problem.
Will not work on Motorola Flipside. Camera does not focus on objects up close. Not the fault of app, phone's problem.
I am so loving this scanner app! Easy & fun to use. Those fancy barcodes are everywhere now. Sometimes I scan ads I don't even care for just for fun!
I am so loving this scanner app! Easy & fun to use. Those fancy barcodes are everywhere now. Sometimes I scan ads I don't even care for just for fun!
I am so loving this scanner app! Easy & fun to use. Those fancy barcodes are everywhere now. Sometimes I scan ads I don't even care for just for fun!
I am so loving this scanner app! Easy & fun to use. Those fancy barcodes are everywhere now. Sometimes I scan ads I don't even care for just for fun!
I am so loving this scanner app! Easy & fun to use. Those fancy barcodes are everywhere now. Sometimes I scan ads I don't even care for just for fun!
I am so loving this scanner app! Easy & fun to use. Those fancy barcodes are everywhere now. Sometimes I scan ads I don't even care for just for fun!
Such a cool app, gets more useful as you think of more creative ways to use QR codes. QR to .jpg would be cool!
Best of its kind! (Suggestion:on the next rev. let's make the Camera a default option.)
Best of its kind! (Suggestion:on the next rev. let's make the Camera a default option.)
I gave it 3 stars due to the flashlight doesn't work on the Evo 4g.
I gave it 3 stars due to the flashlight doesn't work on the Evo 4g.
I gave it 3 stars due to the flashlight doesn't work on the Evo 4g.
I only gave it four stars because I havent used all of the features yet.
I only gave it four stars because I havent used all of the features yet.
I only gave it four stars because I havent used all of the features yet.
Very useful but unfortunately every people don't have android phone. So I can't send it to everybody owning any mobile.
I just didn't scroll down far enough. Sorry!
Didn't really work for me.. rooted Cliq/no netfilter. I was able to connect a client but no internet access.. maybe nat probs. Also no wep.
Didn't really work for me.. rooted Cliq/no netfilter. I was able to connect a client but no internet access.. maybe nat probs. Also no wep.
*Re-Instaled. This APP is prerfect to Gen/Dec from anything & as a Sharing tool. Doesn't price scan but, Can search. After all is a QR Dec -S.Moment
*Re-Instaled. This APP is prerfect to Gen/Dec from anything & as a Sharing tool. Doesn't price scan but, Can search. After all is a QR Dec -S.Moment
*Re-Instaled. This APP is prerfect to Gen/Dec from anything & as a Sharing tool. Doesn't price scan but, Can search. After all is a QR Dec -S.Moment
Where do you go to download apps? First time user need some guidance...
Best QR code reader in my opinion. Has alot of options and i have never had any issues with it. HTC Wildfire
Best QR code reader in my opinion. Has alot of options and i have never had any issues with it. HTC Wildfire
Best QR code reader in my opinion. Has alot of options and i have never had any issues with it. HTC Wildfire
Best QR code reader in my opinion. Has alot of options and i have never had any issues with it. HTC Wildfire
Works great. Sometimes it takes a little while to recognize the code, but as long as u can hold it still, ur fine. Great app
QR Scan has never failed me. It's brought up the correct item every time. HTC EVO 4G
QR Scan has never failed me. It's brought up the correct item every time. HTC EVO 4G
Ive tried tonnes, this may not have the snazziest UI but it has the most functionality
Ive tried tonnes, this may not have the snazziest UI but it has the most functionality
Ive tried tonnes, this may not have the snazziest UI but it has the most functionality
Ive tried tonnes, this may not have the snazziest UI but it has the most functionality
I love it. I use it far more then I ever thought I would. HTC incredible
I love it. I use it far more then I ever thought I would. HTC incredible
I love it. I use it far more then I ever thought I would. HTC incredible
I love it. I use it far more then I ever thought I would. HTC incredible
I love it. I use it far more then I ever thought I would. HTC incredible
I love it. I use it far more then I ever thought I would. HTC incredible
I love it. I use it far more then I ever thought I would. HTC incredible
I love it. I use it far more then I ever thought I would. HTC incredible
I love it. I use it far more then I ever thought I would. HTC incredible
I love it. I use it far more then I ever thought I would. HTC incredible
I love it. I use it far more then I ever thought I would. HTC incredible
I love it. I use it far more then I ever thought I would. HTC incredible
I love it. I use it far more then I ever thought I would. HTC incredible
I love it. I use it far more then I ever thought I would. HTC incredible
Pretty good App, but I have come across a number of QR that could not be properly deciphered. Using HTC Desire.
Pretty good App, but I have come across a number of QR that could not be properly deciphered. Using HTC Desire.
Pretty good App, but I have come across a number of QR that could not be properly deciphered. Using HTC Desire.
Pretty good App, but I have come across a number of QR that could not be properly deciphered. Using HTC Desire.
Pretty good App, but I have come across a number of QR that could not be properly deciphered. Using HTC Desire.
Really useful and easy to use, it's a little slow with the lg gw620 with cyanogen mod
Really useful and easy to use, it's a little slow with the lg gw620 with cyanogen mod
Really useful and easy to use, it's a little slow with the lg gw620 with cyanogen mod
Really useful and easy to use, it's a little slow with the lg gw620 with cyanogen mod
Works really well and has loads of functionality. Only thing I don't like is the interface. Could be much more cleaner, pro and user-friendly. *DHD
Works really well and has loads of functionality. Only thing I don't like is the interface. Could be much more cleaner, pro and user-friendly. *DHD
Works really well and has loads of functionality. Only thing I don't like is the interface. Could be much more cleaner, pro and user-friendly. *DHD
Works really well and has loads of functionality. Only thing I don't like is the interface. Could be much more cleaner, pro and user-friendly. *DHD
Works really well and has loads of functionality. Only thing I don't like is the interface. Could be much more cleaner, pro and user-friendly. *DHD
Works really well and has loads of functionality. Only thing I don't like is the interface. Could be much more cleaner, pro and user-friendly. *DHD
Works really well and has loads of functionality. Only thing I don't like is the interface. Could be much more cleaner, pro and user-friendly. *DHD
Works great! The only thing that would be better is support for larger QR barcodes to hold more data. It will create them but has issues reading them.
Works great! The only thing that would be better is support for larger QR barcodes to hold more data. It will create them but has issues reading them.
Works great! The only thing that would be better is support for larger QR barcodes to hold more data. It will create them but has issues reading them.
Works great! The only thing that would be better is support for larger QR barcodes to hold more data. It will create them but has issues reading them.
Works great! The only thing that would be better is support for larger QR barcodes to hold more data. It will create them but has issues reading them.
Works great! The only thing that would be better is support for larger QR barcodes to hold more data. It will create them but has issues reading them.
Fastest working QR decoder I have seen. Wish it had an option to auto launch links after scanning.
Fastest working QR decoder I have seen. Wish it had an option to auto launch links after scanning.
Solid app. Does not need access to contacts and browser history though. Fix for 5 stars...
Tastes great, less filling. Does everything it's supposed to do, and doesn't crash.
Tastes great, less filling. Does everything it's supposed to do, and doesn't crash.
Tastes great, less filling. Does everything it's supposed to do, and doesn't crash.
Tastes great, less filling. Does everything it's supposed to do, and doesn't crash.
Tastes great, less filling. Does everything it's supposed to do, and doesn't crash.
Tastes great, less filling. Does everything it's supposed to do, and doesn't crash.
Tastes great, less filling. Does everything it's supposed to do, and doesn't crash.
Tastes great, less filling. Does everything it's supposed to do, and doesn't crash.
Liked it, but has been destroying my battery for some reason, so uninstalled until fixed, or I can find a problem on my phone. Nexus one.
Liked it, but has been destroying my battery for some reason, so uninstalled until fixed, or I can find a problem on my phone. Nexus one.
When editing phone info while creating QR code of contacts it types the wrong number
When editing phone info while creating QR code of contacts it types the wrong number
When editing phone info while creating QR code of contacts it types the wrong number
When editing phone info while creating QR code of contacts it types the wrong number
When editing phone info while creating QR code of contacts it types the wrong number
Other tag app would not work, but this one registers quite quick. Haven't exactly figured out how to make them yet tho. Captivate!
Other tag app would not work, but this one registers quite quick. Haven't exactly figured out how to make them yet tho. Captivate!
Does what it is supposed to do. Looked at my battery use out of curiosity, one scan was responsible for 33% of my battery use.
Does what it is supposed to do. Looked at my battery use out of curiosity, one scan was responsible for 33% of my battery use.
Does what it is supposed to do. Looked at my battery use out of curiosity, one scan was responsible for 33% of my battery use.
Does what it is supposed to do. Looked at my battery use out of curiosity, one scan was responsible for 33% of my battery use.
Does what it is supposed to do. Looked at my battery use out of curiosity, one scan was responsible for 33% of my battery use.
fcil y rpida funciona muy bien en galaxia tab
fcil y rpida funciona muy bien en galaxia tab
Pretty nifty, already created two codes for two different buisnesses to post on their websites.
Easy to use and can scan from most surfaces without problem. Definitely a good user friendly experience!
Easy to use and can scan from most surfaces without problem. Definitely a good user friendly experience!
Easy to use and can scan from most surfaces without problem. Definitely a good user friendly experience!
I was going make the suggested $1.50 donation, after clicking on donate, the smallest resulting amount was $2.50. Bait and switch is wrong.
I was going make the suggested $1.50 donation, after clicking on donate, the smallest resulting amount was $2.50. Bait and switch is wrong.
I was going make the suggested $1.50 donation, after clicking on donate, the smallest resulting amount was $2.50. Bait and switch is wrong.
I was going make the suggested $1.50 donation, after clicking on donate, the smallest resulting amount was $2.50. Bait and switch is wrong.
I was going make the suggested $1.50 donation, after clicking on donate, the smallest resulting amount was $2.50. Bait and switch is wrong.
I was going make the suggested $1.50 donation, after clicking on donate, the smallest resulting amount was $2.50. Bait and switch is wrong.
I was going make the suggested $1.50 donation, after clicking on donate, the smallest resulting amount was $2.50. Bait and switch is wrong.
I was going make the suggested $1.50 donation, after clicking on donate, the smallest resulting amount was $2.50. Bait and switch is wrong.
I was going make the suggested $1.50 donation, after clicking on donate, the smallest resulting amount was $2.50. Bait and switch is wrong.
I was going make the suggested $1.50 donation, after clicking on donate, the smallest resulting amount was $2.50. Bait and switch is wrong.
I was going make the suggested $1.50 donation, after clicking on donate, the smallest resulting amount was $2.50. Bait and switch is wrong.
I was going make the suggested $1.50 donation, after clicking on donate, the smallest resulting amount was $2.50. Bait and switch is wrong.
I was going make the suggested $1.50 donation, after clicking on donate, the smallest resulting amount was $2.50. Bait and switch is wrong.
Works grate on android apex so far no problems scans bar codes better then barcode scanner
Works grate on android apex so far no problems scans bar codes better then barcode scanner
Works grate on android apex so far no problems scans bar codes better then barcode scanner
Works grate on android apex so far no problems scans bar codes better then barcode scanner
Works grate on android apex so far no problems scans bar codes better then barcode scanner
Works grate on android apex so far no problems scans bar codes better then barcode scanner
Works grate on android apex so far no problems scans bar codes better then barcode scanner
Works grate on android apex so far no problems scans bar codes better then barcode scanner
Good app, dont know what else you use it for apart from getting to see blanked out pictures in the daily sport of paris hilton' s kebab
Good app, dont know what else you use it for apart from getting to see blanked out pictures in the daily sport of paris hilton' s kebab
So far a great app, I like it a must have.these days. Even to read a business.card.
App ia fine, being coerced into paying to remove ads is not. If you're going to charge got the app, be upfront about it, don't make me opt out with a
App ia fine, being coerced into paying to remove ads is not. If you're going to charge got the app, be upfront about it, don't make me opt out with a
App ia fine, being coerced into paying to remove ads is not. If you're going to charge got the app, be upfront about it, don't make me opt out with a
App ia fine, being coerced into paying to remove ads is not. If you're going to charge got the app, be upfront about it, don't make me opt out with a
App ia fine, being coerced into paying to remove ads is not. If you're going to charge got the app, be upfront about it, don't make me opt out with a
App ia fine, being coerced into paying to remove ads is not. If you're going to charge got the app, be upfront about it, don't make me opt out with a
App ia fine, being coerced into paying to remove ads is not. If you're going to charge got the app, be upfront about it, don't make me opt out with a
App ia fine, being coerced into paying to remove ads is not. If you're going to charge got the app, be upfront about it, don't make me opt out with a
App ia fine, being coerced into paying to remove ads is not. If you're going to charge got the app, be upfront about it, don't make me opt out with a
App ia fine, being coerced into paying to remove ads is not. If you're going to charge got the app, be upfront about it, don't make me opt out with a
App ia fine, being coerced into paying to remove ads is not. If you're going to charge got the app, be upfront about it, don't make me opt out with a
App ia fine, being coerced into paying to remove ads is not. If you're going to charge got the app, be upfront about it, don't make me opt out with a
App ia fine, being coerced into paying to remove ads is not. If you're going to charge got the app, be upfront about it, don't make me opt out with a
App ia fine, being coerced into paying to remove ads is not. If you're going to charge got the app, be upfront about it, don't make me opt out with a
App ia fine, being coerced into paying to remove ads is not. If you're going to charge got the app, be upfront about it, don't make me opt out with a
The qr Droid is really easy to use, even if all I'm using it for is reading codes
