Frequently crashes...even on the new EVO 4G LTE. It has a relatively short storage capacity for your browsing history so if you've opened more than 30 sites, good luck retrieving any older and potentially important sites. This is especially problematic when it crashes. Also frequently reloads pages without permission due to crashing.
And drained the phone.
Drains battery at an alarming rate. Looking for a new browser.
Doesn't load any pages
Doesnt work when u download mp3 or video it plays its online only instead of downloading it i think i'm rilly wasting my times in writing this comment plz dont download this app if u have read my comment
A lot. On small screen, im constantly opening the side menus by accident. Constantly. Switched back to default, then got Opera. Better.
Since update I can't tap on a FB picture to save file. And I can't find any other way to notify dolphin about this issue. Ugh!!
Stay to free
Last couple of updates have turned a great browser into an unstable one.  Fix it soon please.  Moto Xoom
Every once in a while the app decides to just crash to the home screen and not keep any of my tabs. Not only that, but you can only copy text to the clipboard 3 times in one session. Two VERY big problems that I don't know why are not fixed.
Only gets 1 start due to force ratings reminder.
This browser crashed constantly and kept reloading pages on it's own, causing it to go back to the top of the page. Very annoying. I well not use this browser again, even if it gets updated. To much of a hassle.
Some reason mobile/desktop view won't even let me copy Text anymore. Please try it out and email me back asap.
Since you don't support flash I have no reason to use your app.  uninstalled.
After last update, dolphin became noticeably slower. FIX it then ill consider raising the star. You went from 5 stars to 4 to 3 and then 1. Didn't even read my review did you? I'll wait till chrome is released for my device.
This gesture crap just went haywire on me. Tried to disable it but the settings are very counter intuitive.
Loved this browser until the last update. now its slow and crashes after having a few tabs open.  I'm using chrome now which is very fast but not as user friendly as dolphin USED TO BE. fix dolphin from crashing repeatedly and I'll be back...
I thought the reviews looked good and it would be a worthy replacement to the stock browser but NO its slower then a dead granny who's bin cremated to load pages, pictures and to even render text...shocking!
average browser,,,, slow. pathetic. i read great reviews about it. twice i installed found it pathetic. uninstalled.
Used to work fine but now resets back to first time settings everytime I close it.
It won't open pages way too often, when I click a link it just doesn't respond. My data is fine, the app just freezes.
sgs2 ICS 4.03 when opening the app on horizontal - causes reboot
Won't let me force the use of flash plugins. Worthless. Going back to Chrome.
It's just perfect
This very better than all
Fox this
It still does a quick flash as it loads a page. Links appear dead until i zoom in. Now its automatically logs me out of sites i said to.keep logged in. POS!!!!
Needs to be fixed
No longer plays Flash with user agent set to desktop since my phone was upgraded to ICS. Please fix! HTC Rezound
Blah. I know android dropped support for flash in 4.1, but it worked fine in dolphin until they updated it to remove support.
Before a system update I was able to select as my default browser. Now I select that option and takes me to a blog page with no helpful info on the matter. Then resets itself to "no" for default browser. Help!
جالكسي ٢
This was once a good and maybe even the best browse but after the update it crashes 90% of the time. It is now worthless.
Without a working desktop browsing feature this is no better than built in browser will change review if it is fixed
Used to work great running in desktop mode. Now, even when the user agent is set to desktop, the mobile view is still displayed. The best part about dolphin doesn't work anymore.
+1 on it crashing when opening Facebook
Used to be great, but now very unstable, to the point if I open up 3 tabs, dolphin shuts down and forclose and you loose all ur tabs..PATHETIC!! Im going back to Opera..
Five Stars
Ngon
I can't comment on Facebook and other sites. Fix this I will give five stars.
I used to love this browser, but after the last few updates it has gotten worse and worse and worse and worse and worse.  As bad as it is now, I wish that I could give it -15 stars.  My god, it is worse than Internet Explorer on Windows, and I HATE IE, now I hate Dolphin.  I have to constantly clear the cache and especially html5  bullshit. WTF?????????
Hope they add that feauture
Ever since dolphin browser discontinued its support for flash I have constantly been frustrated and angry. As long as there's no flash, I'm using boat browser. And it crashes all the time.
If you love to waste time then download this crap. Freez and kicks you out
I used to love's this app. Lately it's updates really get my attention & frustrated. Lags. Screen freeze. Can't refresh. Etc. Switched to stock browser.
no Menu anywhere.   goodbye
Get Dolphin beta!
Crashes so often its not worth using. Try opera instead.
1 step forward, 2 steps back...
Updated to non-avoidable Sonar without my permission, and I can no longer use it at work due to restrictions against voice recognition.
I can't even click on wn email link it won't open up my gmail to reply, and is sticks when scrolling now.
Kutto vali app hain kabhi mak download karna pagal ho jaoge.
Crap
Been crashing so much lately.
Trash! This was by far the best browser and dolphin mini kicked right in at #2. Updated my os to ice cream sandwich and dolphin is now crap. Won't set as default browser no matter how many times I set it or clear stock browser data. Contacted dolphin development and reported this major problem. If you are on newest Android OS you are sh** out of luck for now. Dolphin needs update to catch up. Update, clear default actions in settings/apps/all apps/internet browser/scroll down and clear default actions.
Was simply trying to download a screen capture app, and had to download THIS BS app along with it... Never did get the screen capture app...
i updated it but this thing still crashes wtf
Since the update it no longer loads pages, just backs out to the home screen. Evo 3d
After updates.  It just says waiting and never start.
Crashing/force closing all the time lately. Not sure what is going on :-(
I used to love this browser, but now I have to click back on web pages repeatedly, just to go back one page. Its really annoying
The browser does not function on the Galaxy S III. I have had problems since the day the phone has come out, and each update has not helped. This has been my favorite browser for over 2 years when it came out. Please fix.
Keeps crashing, havent had a chance to use it yet. Could be my system, working on it
This update/downgrade sucks.  I load the home page and it's blank for a couple minutes, then it takes forever for a page to load.  This is horrible.
No flash since Jelly Bean update, no ad blocker, no point anymore.
It keeps crashing and shutting down when I am using it all of a sudden. Please fix it used to be 5stars
Can't run the .swe file I need to work to log into Siebel. Pleeeease fix.
Dump browser.
after tapping the text box, keyboard won't appear. at times keyboard appears, but characters or texts don't show.
First version was great 2 upgrades later and it's a pain. Keeps crashing on the most basic web pages, goes to voice instructions for no reason and I miss the gestures that made dolphin easy to use.
force closed after latest update.....
Opera's saved page works far more better
Got serious battery drain on beta 8.8. Going back to 8.7 by now.
Shuts down every five seconds and takes me back to my home screen. Such a pity! I really liked this browser.
I can't even see d bookmarks I made recently
I used to like this browser the most. Unfortunately the developer has decided for us that we don't need to visit the millions of Flash enabled websites on the Internet or watch any of the massive number of videos from major websites that continue to use Flash players. The newest versions of this browser have very limited use now compared to the more compatible browsers of "Firefox" or "Boat". It's a shame.
Works well, functional
Force closing... again! I would give this browser 5 stars, but it seems every time it updates, there is a problem with it force closing :(	App is force closing when 3 tabs are opened... please fix! I love this browser!
CRASH CRASH CRASH
I can't even use a question mark on this app.
I thought this browser would save everything to my super fast and behometh capacity Class 10, 32 gig micro SD card... (2) Also I cannot pay a bill on my bill pay as I ould with android browser. My goal was to use less internal space on this low end phone with very limited internal memory! (3) just like 'droid browser I cannot scroll down on some websites... Whatever good qualities this browser has, I don't benefit!
after using for severel months, suddenly it got so slow i had to quite using it, reinstaling didnt even help, go figure
It continues crash and I continue giving it less and less stars Common fix it already.
Don't make it mandatory that you need my my email address to us and don't ask for my feedback with a popup within the first 30 seconds of use!!  >1 star.
After the update progress bar is smoother, buy pages reload when switching tabs and many fail to load at all. Rollback....I uninstalled.
Browser was hijacked and i cant find anywhere the redirects are coming from. Useless help standard browser wo,rks just fine. Liked it until this happened. Need to find another browser.
I can't install it. After I download it, and when Im at the installation process, it's not working. Or it's just not compatible with my phone but if that is the case, why is it that there's no sign or message for the incompatibility.
Most things don't work on this one.
update new version it gets stuck and force close
Backwards does not work, the new update just KILLS dolphin. Switching to Opera or Skyfire
Idk if this app is weird or my phone was, but aftwr installing this browser my phone crashed big time and the launcher could not launch. I had to factory reset my phone.
Last update made my browser almost useless. Wont register my touch on certain sites and goes insane on others. Wont bring up the save pic menu when I hold. Please fix and itll be 5 stars again
Slow
Great. A thousand times better than opera. Fast and reliable.
It's been acting up will restore rating if they fix it again.
Not smooth at all on Jelly Bean. Lags my whole phone.
desktop.view for website not working
I installed this for the 'desktop plugin' to use hotmail. This sucks, its not working/loading like it should..maybe if it was programmed better Id give it a higher rating, but..
have issue with reply comments. seems stuck in hidden bounding box. previus one better. is this got something to do with latest software update by android.?
Now forces close, slow as molasses, and Sonar popping open every time is annoying. Uninstalled...
Forcecloses everytime. Slower than opera mini. And uses to much system resources. Fix that and I'll give you more stars.
Worse thing
Sending data to your servers of sites we enter... Not nice!
Fail
Slow loading, bad quality, says no internet when there is internet, messes up keyboard
Mike
Its slow
Crashed a lot for me, couldn't easily access search history. Bit slower than opera. Took up 14mb on my phone
Bakeaas
When I play a video off the dolphin browser the image is always too blurry to make out what it is.
blazing fast on lg p970
Its slow and unresponsive
Not so fast ..
I love dolphin browser but plz bring back the oldk gestures tab. it's much slower now instead of when the screen used to dim out for you to draw the gesture... felt so much better before the last couple updates.  Update: now dolphin keeps crashing! WTF
Lacking browsing privacy options
The pre-loaded browser is faster and more efficient by far in my experience. Dolphin lags and lags. I uninstalled it.
Now it often hang, can not refresh, cannot change Tab, have to "exit" to remedy it! I don't see any advantage of this version.  The Text Size in the menu does not effect in web mobile facebook for instance.  Pse fix
Fast browsing.interface could be a bit more simpler
This used to be a 5/5. I have tried all the Web browsers, including the lite versions. This is by far the fastest and most feature packed browser you can find. I'm running it on a Galaxy Note and before I upgraded to ICS, it was perfect. After upgrade, text wrapping when you zoom in stopped working. I had to switch to Opera, it works properly.
Good browser but drains battery when phone is asleep...
Good browser, but disables flash, so its pretty useless...
If irrecoverably losing all your tabs without any warning whatsoever isn't your thing, try a different browser! Otherwise, good potential...
Keeps crashing. if you leave the browser on a page,  then go back into it, it closes the browser completely.  Please fix!!
最近、よく落ちる。表示もchromeより、良くない。jb使用。使わなくなるかも。
I cant add comment photos bcz My keyboard wont appear.. Please fix it..
Yeah, not too happy
I am using it...but it suddenly crashes..Plz fix this problem...
PLEASE get rid of the dolphin icon in the corner of the screen. Intrusive and dstracting while reading, and gets accidently pushed all the time. Can't remove via settings.	Love it, except for most recent update April 2012
This browser glitches out my SwiftKey 3 keyboard :( please fix it so it's more compatible with custom keypads :-(
I dont always use it, but had it for over a year now. Works perfectly on every device I have ever had it on. Useful features. 5/5 *****
After the latest update it keeps on FC tried to reinstall it same prblem.. my cousin also have the same problem with his Samsung S2 and my ainol aurora 2 tab,,pls fix
The recent update:  -bookmarks are gone. -i could hardly type anything! every time I tap the screen, it shows this thingy 'copy,paste,more'. No matter how soft i tap the screen, this thingy shows up! arghhh ahdhssjsjdndjd fix it a.s.a.p please! Great browser btw xD
I can't type to reply my friend while using Facebook message function via this browser. Please fix
Can't be bothered to righted a review cus I'm baked but its great 5 stars.     :)
Crashes often on my TF101. Doesn't even show that it needs to force close. Screen just goes black and goes to my home tablet screen, losing anything I was browsing.
For mobile the browser looks different and new featured. Really love it.
Horrible browser. Not able to open any website
I really liked it before the recent update because when I have the browser opened before, it would stay on the opened page instead of reloading the page again when I shut my screen off. It was very useful having the browser opened instead of waiting for it to load again. Please put it back on the newer update.
It's not saving passwords anymore... I have to keep inserting my password:-(
App closes for no reason.. Please fix.
I love this browser but ever since i updated to Ics It crashes and doesn't allow me to play flash content i would really appreciate an update for this bug.
Thr browser randomly takes forever to load pages.  I wish I could rollback the update
Best browser on android
Htc One x and DesireHD Totally on-point and accurate. A must have if u idolize the idle..
I used Dolphin on my Jellybean device with Adobe Flash which I side loaded. I had absolutely no issues with flash or browser stability except in some rare cases which I was willing to put up with. The latest update does not even allow you to turn on Flash manually. Dolphin completely disabled that option for Jellybean. Until Dolphin adds that option back, my 2 star rating will stay. I switched to Firefox, which lets users decide. Dolphin ... Got It?
Great browser when it works.  Frequent shutdowns are getting annoying also when opened back up browsing session has to start at square one.  Very fast when functioning properly though.
New update crashes frequently and has become slow
Hangup most time
I have a Droid Razr with Verizon. Please fix this feature.
After  I updated my keyboard randomly stop working at times. Plz fix. Lg optimus V
But super slow
Still slow and laggy on galaxy s2, not a patch on stock browser
Is therea way I can save the page?
Awsum
Very bad at flash videos.
I think I fell asleep waiting to load google.
Crashed my droid. Keyboards would't work not even after force closing the app. Had to uninstall it
cannot understand why some people give less than 4 stars.
After the last update it will not work!!  Uninstall!!
Read #3 on the agreement. Will install background app. Does not say if it will or will not sell the data it collects about you.
loaded to sd card on evo 4 g really sticky, it would load a quick then the page will not scroll
Faster
pinch zoom fixed/still can't get bookmarks to sync over to bookmark bar from stock browser: not logged in to dolphin tho so not sure if that's the reason/using swype, dolphin never puts spaces btn words in search box/moving text editor (blue carrot) is torture-seems unresponsive + laggy most times/bad habit of web page jumping (or not moving) when entering/editing text
So glitchy after the update. Often keeps crashing.
This browser was great, however, every since I updated to android 4.0 Dolphin browser has constantly crash, crash, and crash. Uninstall.
It crashes sometimes
this update is annoying! everytime i open dolphin, it always ask me to set dolphin as default browser,yet ive already set it again and again. Tried un/reinstalling the app and still the same thing. this doesnt happened before. pls fix.
It's good, but lagging for me..
Great browser, still contra understand how top manage bookmarks though	Keep up todo work
It's as good as my cooking
Great browser. Much better than the one that came with Ice cream sandwich. I'm not sure how practical the gesture feature is, considering you have to press a few buttons to access it
Bueno
Good
Who needs chrome
It works really well on my galaxy tab...no issues till now
The best and fastest browser on android
I dont know what happened but my stock browser became faster then this.. it used to be fast but its getting slower and slower with every update..
Now it seems to freeze and lock up on me a lot.
Please add Flash support for 4.1.
isn't working right on Facebook desktop or any other sites. [epic touch 4.0 upgrade.]
Ok
On 3G/4G, pages will not load randomly.  I will then try a different browser with the same website and pages load. Gnex running JB.
I briefly tried the new beta. I stopped after it wouldn't import my bookmarks from this dolphin browser.
Luv it "
Best browser I ever used
It does not zoom in the page correctly
Good
Why no back and forward buttons? Sometimes i click 'back' on my phone button and takes me to homepage...and Google Images search keeps reloading.... Scrolling freezes now too.....this apps getting worse with every update it seems.... UPDATE: Please add a back button or fix it so the phones 'back' button goes back a page instead of the home page. Its really F'N annoying!!! Performance seems better though.
Its great except for the fact of not being able to check my email
No prob on this app
My keyboard doesn't work half the time. I'm uninstalling!
Was fine, but now I get force close on start up. Getting annoying...
Won't become my default browser
bagus ckit sgt
finally a browser well built!
the app is usefull.
Text were too small
This browser gets worse every time they "improve" it. Now "desktop user agent" browsing doesn't even work. Still better than stock browser though, may try some others.
I think its slower than my phones default browser. Although it has alot of features the default doesn't.
Simple and neat
Good browser overall, with one really annoying issue. Every time i start the app it opens the website that was loaded in previous session PLUS it opens an additional blank new tab and nothing i do will make that extra blank tab go away from statrtup
No adobe flash capability. Desk top view doesn't prevent websites from forcing u to mobile versions of sites. Other than that it works pretty good.
Nyc app keep it up
Se cierra solo constantemente, no abre las paginas rapido, prefiero el navegador por defecto de mi tablet galaxy
Nice
The latest update has a brilliant feature, which is a prpblem with the on-screen keyboard, it disappears several time when loading websites, before there was no trouble like that
This browser always hangs my tablet. Always says dolphin is not responding. Would you like to close it.
Great browser!
I have used this browser since I've had androids. But after the last update it keeps crashing. Every 10minutrs it force closes
It is a great browser .. I would give it 5 .. but it crachs a lot But any way .. it's the better browser I've used on my android mobile
Used to rock, now crashes and locks up consistently. How do I revert a version?
Getting up and running with this browser. Doesn't crash which is a bonus.
مع الفيس بوك بطيئ
Ok
Last update got rid of th option to one-tap my screen so all the text enlarged and yet remained visible on my entire screen. Sadlu disappointed to see this go. Sometimes too many updates can ruin and otherwise great product.
I've got an annoying yellow bar at the top of the browser. This hides the content of a website at the top. So can't see search, images and news bar in a Google search. I haven't seen any place in settings to turn this off and haven't had this issue before.
On the Droid 3 HW keypad, the ALT key is occasionally no longer recognized and the capitalize key is recognized as a copy command with the "Text copied to clipboard" popup.  These errors do not occur in any other app.  (Thank-you for getting rid of the annoying gestures question.)
Util. Mejor que el browser de fabrica aunque solo unas cuantas cosas sobresalientes.
Often takes forever to load.   And freezes alot.
Running Flash is no longer supported as optional so I reinstalled V8.5.1 which allows it and lowered rating to 3 stars. I know it is google's fault for not allowing Flash in jellybean but it runs just fine and half the things I do require it. If you have a Nexus 7 search for. the latest version of flash (not in playstore) and install it.
I used to like this browser, but the latest update causes a lot of screen lock ups and sometimes when using the URL bar to search, the whole program just implodes and closes itself. Please fit these issues.
I just downloaded the thing and it asked me to be rated. So I am giving it 3 stars.
Doesnt go back to the previous page correctly. It takes me back all the way to the beginning instead
It has a problem with the number keypad 1 min it works the next it doesn't please fix it
Dolphin is lovely and fast, but I can't double tap to zoom in or input text on Facebook's mobile site anymore...not the end of the world, but I LIKED being able to double tap to zoom and input text on Facebook's mobile site...
It's cool. But I can't use it. Omonaa~
Only 3 because it kept pestering me To rate it
Pinta bn
Since this update, pages take much longer to load, and when they do load, the page is blank. You have to refresh to make the page load again. Switching to chrome
Archos 80 G9  It could be better! Speed at times is an issue, if we could compress data, maybe even a proxy; things could get interesting.   The look and feel needs some work, too boxi looking.  But I won't take away from the developers, they have done a good job thus far!  Thank you...
Small annoying bugs lately. I have to repeatedly long press on a link, open in new tab 2-3 times for it to happen. Twitchy screen on FB. I have act like a desktop enabled. Used to work great, now glitchy. HTC evo 3d on VM.
Love this little browser but.since the latest update it keeps crashing when i type in the address bar
Very quirky. No way to easy browse back. It is quick, though. When it is allowing text, it does so very well.
There are a few flaws with this browser, otherwise i would rate it as 5*.. 1.this browser crashed a lot causing me to lose my work...i have to search back the history and re-open again the website... 2.sometime the video on the web wont play properly....it has only sound but the picture is not moving...please fix this problem... 3.when i type let say to comment on fb or updating status, the alphabet doesnt appear...the typing indicator would always go back at the first alphabet and causing mispelled word.. It is annoying when i hv to face the same problem repeatedly...please fix the problem...tq
1.Slow on gprs. 2.Time to time auto refresh (try to open some tabs on LJ and press home). 3. Images zoom not equal text size
Putang ina mo.
Since last update it has been putting my CPU into the red and heating my battery up. Constantly having to force close.
Excellent app. Not to fond of shortcut from home screen.
Good browser
Nice
Bagus
After the last update or two it is difficult to clear the search bar.  I know you are supposed to click a blank spot in the search bar but when its in portrait mode its almost impossible to hit the right spot.  Instead it just re-searches whatever was already in the search bar.  Very annoying.
Way better than the stock browser. I also use the mini version in my droid. Good job.
Dolphin is by far the best browser I've used - great features and add-ons. However, I recently subscribed to Crain's Chicago Business digital edition. Dolphin times out when trying to open each article. This doesn't happen with the stock browser or with Boat. I emailed Dolphin support but got no response.
I tried Dolphin for its user agent feature (got fed up having to ask for the full website every time in Chrome). That worked as advertised, but Dolphin keeps having problems with the touch screen (it ignores all touches for a few seconds and then executes them all at once). I have a Nexus 7, so there are plenty of cores to run in and I have only found this to be a problem with Dolphin. Nice, but it needs more work.
Not bad
Trash! This was by far the best browser and dolphin mini kicked right in at #2. Updated my os to ice cream sandwich and dolphin is now crap. Won't set as default browser no matter how many times I set it or clear stock browser data. Contacted dolphin development and reported this major problem. If you are on newest Android OS you are sh** out of luck for now. Dolphin needs update to catch up. Update, clear default actions in settings/apps/all apps/internet browser/scroll down and clear default actions.
Favourite sites no longer in favourite's bar after being saved. Have to go to history.
Its good
best..:)
Recomended browser for your android gadget
When you make a search on Google and click on a link, then go back to see another result, the search is gone and it goes all the way back to the home screen. That is incredibly annoying. Also - USA ultimate's score reporter website (and many others) are never able to scroll down all the way. Great other than those problems.
Its woking poperly.....................
Is fast browser
Very fast
Nice browser
Allowed me to search websites for work and save them to pdfs using an add on for dolphin
Been using for 6 months now. Can't really fault it!
It works better than the browser that came with my tablet. Unfortunately it keeps crashing. I hope tis gets fixed soon. I like the feel of it
Occupy more space, otherwise I like it very much.
Keyboard would not work half if the time. Good user interface and add-on though. I had to delete
Crashes all the time and NOW if a website is loading and you click another, it ignores you. Gestures is basically just a gimmick, never really thought it was that useful. The more updates I get, the more it crashes. I tried all the other browsers though, and I find myself coming back here. Superior navigability, ability to imitate desktop, and long press back to clear all & exit.
Once upon a time there was a browser. Everyone had one on a smartphone. But along came Dolphin Browser and everyone was happy. The end.
Ok
Giving 3 star as it is not as that fast in loading pages.
Fair
I cannot view full website anymore for some website after the update. I always use dolphin because I can go in directly to full site without requesting to. My user agent is set to desktop always!
When I click on a link, it will take a while for the browser to respond.
I've tried all the browsers for android and dolphin hd is my favorite. For some reason it is faster than dolphin mini too. However with the latest upgrades, it constantly closes by itself no matter what website I am on. I may have to switch to another browser.  Samsung GS2 Skyrocket
Great
fast and good looking
Not too fast
I'd appreciate it if the dev team would stop trying to force downloads on us by constantly advertising apps in the add on side bar.  If that wasn't bad enough, it's even been added to speed dial now.  It would also be nice if add ons loaded faster and my browser didn't mysteriously crash for no reason (it doesn't give an error or anything, it just closes in the middle of browsing and makes all of my open tabs disappear as well when reopened, possibly the browser eating too much memory?)
***UPDATE*** Unwanted add-ons can now be disabled again, taking Dolphin back up to three stars from two. There's a workaround for some Flash sites, but it's cumbersome: change user agent to iPad or iPhone to view the site in HTML5. If there was a toggle add-on to do this -- like Desktop Toggles, which switches between Android & Windows modes, Dolphin would be for stars again. *** Dolphin has gone from great to garbage in just a couple of weeks! There are buttons in the right dock for  TrustGo Antivirus and Browse Faster that can't be hidden or moved to the bottom. It also blocks Adobe Flash player on Jellybean. Yeah, I know Flash isn't supposed to be supported on JB, but it's still possible to side load the APK.   There's a nag screen that warns using Flash may cause browser crashes, but I'd prefer to have an "assume the risk" option instead of having it disabled. (Strangely, Flash still works on the stock browser -- for now.) Adding ugly shortcuts and blocking Flash takes Dolphin from four stars (not five, due to stability issues) down to one.
it's not user-friendly anymore as it cancels all useful buttons, just leaving those gestures to excel tasks, it’s inconvenient.
Easy to use
Pretty good
It is now nearly impossible to edit u r l's in the navigation bar Using mobile version for android, And can no longer at the speed dial with 1 touch.
Can you please allow for the ability to increase the height of the tab size. I feel like a pecking chicken having to tap away endlessly to try to get the tabs to close / open or change tabs. Can you also please move the x close button more towards the middle of the tab and not so close to the + new tab symbol. Thanks
Used to be my favorite browser once. Its slow and crashes a lot now.
Try n enjoy
Good browser.
Still crashes far too often to be used as default browser, latest update has made it worse.
Closes by itself when loading mildly intensive page in desktop ua. No fc to send report.
Good
Extremely high battery consumption on my Galaxy Tab 7 plus but works ok on HTC Sensation. Please fix.
good user interaction
Very well and fast browser
Browser works ok, but not as fast touted around.
Youtube doesnt work :s
What happened to the old dolphin browser? This last update is even worse than the previous one. Keeps force closing and crashing all the time
Fast app and good,  but doen't render all websites.   Can't play Facebook games because won't scroll inside windos.
While I'm running 4.1.1, and you say flash can crash the browser, at least give me the ability to turn it on! If it does crash, I will turn it off. Until then, 3 stars, otherwise 5!
My 1st use, good app
Seems good. Smooth and like the short cuts. Wish I could customize the back button and there's no forward button? I don't use the swipe/gestures
Has been a good little browser up until lately. Starting to get a bit laggy and slow. Am thinking of going to opera
Cant even use facebook now. Wont let me type a comment. Remove last update you have a terrible bug in it!
fine
Still one of the best Android browsers and keeps improving with each release. Handles most websites well but performance still not quite as good as Opera mobile on my device.
My phone loves this app!!!
I find that it is very fast and it offers a very good browsing experience
I find that it is very fast and it offers a very good browsing experience
The new version gives good performance
Glad I got this app. Has made it so easy to roam the internet. Thanks
Cool browser for android
Just nice
great browser.....  love being able to use gestures...  great experience!
antikathista ton official browser tou galaxy s2 gia plaka
Thumbs up
Great browser
Consume alot of mega bites
Consume alot of mega bites
i switched to this browser when i saw the features in detail and i loved it! must-try and must-have browser...fast loading i believe is the best feature evryone will surely love!
Speedy, rarely hangs. Wish it didn't open every new site in a new tab by default. Hard to figure out how to see bookmarks easily, & can't sort alphabetically.  Wish the sidebars could be disabled, as I seem to frequently pull them out when I'm just trying to scroll. Seems a bit of a steep learning curve.
One of the best browsers on the market...
Fast.  Love the gestures and flash.  Also having desktop modes means I can view real websites not the cut down mobile versions.  Had it 16 months now but sometimes crashes.
I've only had it for a day but it hasn't crashed. I like it better than opera
Works great! But want a privacy button.
Much faster than default internet browser, pointless add-ons though, not bothering with them anymore.
Not perfect though, sticks and lags here and there.
It is just such a pain in the @r§e that you cannot change from the awkward and restricting mobile view to the desktop view manually...
This browser is having limitless capabilities than any browser can have.
Wonderful.  Works great.
Awesome!
But is slow and hard to work with. Needs improvement.
good job tim
good job tim
Nice than others
I like that last..fm works on it
The best browser for Android phones although opera mini comes close
Works nice bt some bugs must need 2 be fixed overall its good......
Good browser. Speed is very good.
Excelente navegador muy veloz.
(sorry, all the formatting disappears for some reason)  Pros: - fast - flash support  - great browser. Period.    Cons:  - usability - "Find in page" function. The only way to use Find in page is to scroll all the way up the page and long press the address bar. Should be in the context menu IMO (3 vertical dots).  - usability - Refresh function - same thing - all the way up the page. Should be in the menu, too.  - usability- when the page finishes to load, all of its contents suddenly jumps up when the tabs and address bar get hidden. You end up pressing the wrong link :(    If the developers are so kind to address the above issues I will make Dolphin my number 1 browser.
Great app...just i didnt like home screen design
Pretty solid service on my LG Esteem.  Tabs are easy to navigate and additional tools seem to be sufficient.  I've had this for less than a week so I may review again after I've had more time to use it
Good browser..
Great app, a joy to use. Would appreciate a "conservative" mode, that cuts on data or automatically opens mobile versions of sites
Love the browser....was using opera next after my default browser crashed.but it don't allow me to download files from file sharing networks...the time counter would remain stuck....dolphin allows me to do that....and its almost equally fast
But not without some problem
Aside from the rare shut downs, I love this browser
While its not google chrome specifically, Dolphin manages to pull it off quite well in a mobile form. Very solid browser, been using it for a few months with no problems so far.
Using first time..nice
Good browsing experience
Great but it cuts out my text box after a few seconds of initially opening it.
Great but it cuts out my text box after a few seconds of initially opening it.
Just wish I could get it to stay as default browser works really well very fast
A+
I actually never heard of this browser but some ppl recommended it so I decided to try it out & so far I like what I see, no complaints here!
Stay to free
Just downloaded it and seens to work fine. Voice recognition is ok.
Way better than the standard Android browser. Tabbed browsing support is big selling feature. Sonar is a great search tpol as well. Keep up the good work..
Seems to be a nice choice so fast.
Dolphin Browser is very good i must say...i enjoy using the gesture and the chrome like settings it's amazing
Good broswer. Search part freezes up. Loads fast.
This is the best browser in the hole world!!! I rated 5 stars cuz this is the best browser!!!! Good graphics, Super speed, Doesnt say ''Sorry, this app is not responding please close it and try again''  not like other browser they suck!! And makes links safe from viruses
So far anyhow. 3rd day. We'll see.
Very nice browser
So good
So good
I love it!!
duz evrythng i need thumbz up.... :)
It is faster than before and the features are well written
Smooth and easy. This is the way a mobile browser should be.
Good browser but some issues with certain sites.. and some payment screens, but this doesn't happen often enough to be a problem...
Awesome ....!
Awesome ....!
Very awesome web browser just would like to see it costumed for 7inch tablets
please replace the dolphin icon as its obstructing page content to touch or click,becasue User need to zoom in and slide the page to click the content text to enter.
Best browser i can trust n works fast . I lov it everyone shoulld have these browser.... Best among alll.....
Simply fantastic
It is faster ,advanced,time saving browser  And;  recommend it  to stock browser
Awwesomeee....speedy
Good but not the best.
enjoy using it
I lik the fact it loads pages quickly and it is good on battery life  There is just 1 problem whenever I try to edit the address bar while trying to put the cursor on the last position I end up touching the x button and everything erases I would like it if the x button was on the left side of address bar instead of the right  Otherwise its super
Most amazing thing is it does not interupt downloads.
It has problems trying to share pages and pictures to Pinterest. The stock browser does it flawlessly.
Best one out there!!
Good
Best browser so far and by far!
Its faster and allows u to play some video u could not if u were using the default browser
Fast and nice interface, should improve text copy selection
I love it
I tried different browsers out of them this is the best one but it fails to handle bulk sites with rich flash content
Awesome app amazing
Best ease of use of use among all the browsers.
Good app
Download this today it good takes a while to get used to it
This browser is excellent and fast too. I appreciate your effort in making it and is performance is very good.  Thank you.
Nice features
Smooth loading, great UI, would rate higher but I just got it.
I like. It
Its better than firefox
Its a good app the commercial sux
Very smart browsar
Good  keep up the good job
There's nothing wrong happened.
Could be 5 stars, just haven't used it long enough
Much better than default browser
Good work
I've tried them all, and Dolphin is the best, especially with all the great add-ons.  Great dev communications, too! Try it, you won't go back. Also lets u clear cache & cookies at exit if u choose.
Fast. Effective.
Best browser I have ever seen on Android.....
Couldn't be better. Brings the big world to the small screen.
Excellent
I like it so much. Work good on my samsung galaxy, even when there is only a slower internet conection- below GPRS. But i still don't know how to use the other feature of dolphin browser... still experimenting.
Great app man....and  downloading is much better than other fuckin browers
Seems like this one is smoother than the other Android browsers.
Tabbed browsing is good.
Amazing and it's always getting better
Nice feature set. Desktop emulation mode is a little off for what I needed but it got me halfway.
But chrome is better. Switched now,and I have been with dolphin since 2010. Chrome is lightning fast. With Dolphin I had problems in speed on jelly bean. Running custom ROM Paranoid Android on 4.1.1. But Dolphin is still a very good browser. Thanks for the ride.
This a very good browser. Addons, nice bookmarking and incredible gestures which make it unique and splendid.
Good stuff sgIII-what everyone else sais haha
Good stuff sgIII-what everyone else sais haha
I love it!
Best browser on android.
Been a long time user on phone and tablet interface, but increasingly I see a lack of new features, granted I am happy with what I got for free, but it does displease users when we are getting notifications of REMOVED features. In my opinion the skins are nice but something needs to be done to differentiate Dolphin from Chrome. Chrome does not have a speed dial yet but on the PC it technically does, Dolphin please jump out of the water with some new and refreshing.
Good browser
Awsome
This app is unbelievably fast,user friendly,and the most comfortable mobile browser I have ever used. 5 stars!!!!!
I've just use this browser and so far so good. That's all for now.
I love it. I set it up with the pages I like to visit and never have to struggle with it. Love :-)
4 star for looks
Brilliant
Was fine, but now I get force close on start up. Getting annoying...
This browser has some pretty cool features.
Very easy to use.. Perfect
Good
Fun way to browser the web.
Awesome!
Gives bettr speed as compared to others..
Gives bettr speed as compared to others..
Very user friendly. Me likey alot:)
Its pretty fast I've had no problems with it so far and I prefer it mor than my original browser on my Android
This browser is superbly built, it uses less battery than i was expecting and i enjoy browsing the web with it...... I am only bugged by the Tabs a bit.... But i have a suggestion, it would be nice to be able to quickly bookmark a page by holding down your settings button or something like that...... Any love it please continue
Does what you expect and more. Make sure to hit menu and see what else is under the hood
Good apps..better response from original browser..
I like it
Nice fast browser but not optimised for low end devices....
It enables my droid to go forward again after having gone back to previous window, like my mac, saving much time & effort. Only one nitpick: when I want to use my other browser, the window that offers a choice between the 2 keeps popping up, even after I've chosen the other browser, like it doesn't register my choice or like my choice. Tch, tch, not nice.
Sometimes slow down  but overall dependable
One of the amazing browser i ever tried
It is actually very good but the virtual keyboard keeps disappearing before I have had the time to type my search terms.
Works best for me for now. Im on 2.2.3 or something like that. Touch interface very slick. Nice. Definitely worth the 3.7mb
Works well my favorite browser.
Dolphin browser i fantastic, but since the latest update it does this thing where every now and again it won't load my page, i have to exit and start up again.
Really happy with it. The voice command works great too, and I love the easy to use tabs and bookmarks.
Used to love this browser...but now it hangs and crashes...fix?
I was using maxthon b4.. But after updater it bcome too bloated.. Now im switching to dolphin again.. And should be a default browser for android
So fast nd easy to browse...
I've tried a few and keep coming back.
WheeeeE
Always dependable and simple and lots of great addons and options  I've used it on HTC Samsung  and LG and always seems ppretty  complete and efficient
Bst browser for androids forever cau it makes browsing so comfortable & easy... Keep it up dolphin make it more enjoyable as u can
Could do slightly better with flash
Think is much better than the others browsers out there but is a little bit slower...
I can't comment using dolphin recently~ pls fix the problem asap~ by the way~ this is a great apps~
Much more useful and better overall than the stock browser on android
All good browsing is reached with this simple and light guy called dolphin... keep it up the good work guys
The app is nice though few features will be great if included.
Very good app
Good app...
Its good
v good
This is really a great browser app, it's easier to quickly navigate bookmarks and create gestures for access. It's not really blazing fast but it provides good user experience when it comes to loading pages even under slower bandwith. Would like to give another a perfect 5 star if it renders pages perfectly.
Greatest browser
This is one of the best browser! It works well, friendly interface, but can you add "back" icon to the bottom menu bar? I just wonder why there is a "forward", but no "back". I see the "back" in chinese version, why the English is different? Otherwise, other functions r great! Hope you can let us enable the "back" by ourselves! Thanks!
Its best browser like desktop view
All that I ask for and more.
And, the price is right!
Has lots of user options. Best browser out there.
Need back button.  Other than that, perfect!
Rate me pop up is annoying.
I think it's the best browser out in the market, easy to use and access best for smartphone's
Lumayan
Functionality it has is more than any browsers ...like it more than desktop browsers
Not a fan of stock apps and I want the best. Got it with this one.
Pretty good if it would retain memory and sync on time
So far better than the phone browser..keep it up!
My default browser
Its fast
Faster than firefox and more features than the built in browser
Working fine
Very Good
Excellent on moto defy! :)
I keep trying to make this my default browser but since the last update it never works. Please fix. Otherwise it's great.
The new UI is a step backwards IMO, please bring the Refresh button back to the bottom left after pressing the menu button on my phone.
Not a bad browser by any means. Compared to Opera, the design is cleaner/less cluttered, images are sharper and the touch controls are more accurate. However, it is not quite as fast or as easy to navigate between pages. Overall, works fine for me as an alternative.
So far so good
Great!!
Best browser Ive uses so far. V
Randomly, it seems, even with only one tab. Otherwise, it's great.
It could be the best of its kind
Works great for me.
good
Fast & smooth
I'm first time using. It's very good. Better than opera.
Great controls. And fast.
See above
I have quite a few browsers on my phone but Dolphin is the best and most reliable by far. Great addons too.
Its good but it can be slow at so points.
Honestly just got tired of it asking me to rate, that's about the only con, full desktop touch screen browser for your phone UT. Flash plug INS included
Is good
Good
Fast n good browser
Almost perfect.
It effecient & easy to use!
Very easy to use... Very natural.
Love on my LG optimus x4 hd
Good progress . Continue the good work
Works good on fun book tablet  Kc verma
Works good on fun book tablet  Kc verma
nice
I tried all but it is best
Exelent
Love that I can use Last Pass and Xmarks, very pleasant browsing experience
It has many feature, and quite interesting
I like the program!
A very good web browser. Do give it a try if you wanna better your surfing experience..
It is nice
It is nice
Real great. Makes browsing a breeze.
Yes,  its faster than pre installed browser on my mobile
Gud app for browsing...
A truly great browser
cool
I love this browser, it almost done everything as expected but it seems won't  load on asian web nicely, somehow..
Simply the best browser for Android.
Very smooth and fast browsing.
Cooll
Love it
ดีครับ
Good browser no complaints.
Speed is amazing faster than pc and tabs so useful. Haven't learnt all yet
Ability to put bookmarks in folders makes this browser better than the default one.
A must have browser..
Slower than opera mini but works better so far. Been using it for a week
achha par song downlod nahi hota hai browser me hi play hota hai
This is a great great browser ever! But there is a small small problem when running youtube fullscreen landscape on HTC One X. Please fix that, once fixed I will rate 5 stars! =)
Is a good browser but the flash suport sucks
Feels just like a computer browser. Smooth, reliable and put together well. Highly reccomend it.
Simple y sencillo
An awesome way to surf from a mobile! Gestures make the experience so much more pleasurable than other browsers.
Neat and fast... And it actually listens.
Neat and fast... And it actually listens.
Its better than stock browsr
I really love this browser, but I noticed that it crashes very often, in different webpages, even on Wikipedia. It dowsn't show me any error, no FC screen, just crashes to the desktop.
Excellent browser and certainly better than the stock android browser. Could be a little quicker which would make this app a 5 star app.
Swag
Swag
This apps really good for me
Best browser ive used yet!
only had it for a couple e days but i really like it so far better than the stock browser in my opinion i like the tabs viewing and the slide out menus.
Fast browsing.interface could be a bit more simpler
Speed is behind ICS stock and Chrome. Randomly crushed.
This browser runs well, its just a tad bit slow in booting up.
VERY USEFUL.
The only browser I will use on android fast simple and reliable
The only browser I will use on android fast simple and reliable
So far so good.
Good for nexus 7
Great browser!
Went to try stock browser because of the adobe setback but even though they have a decent setup..... without the bookmarks to sd..... only a paid app for bookmarks. Just wished rhere was a flash for using the desktop version again.....that was the #1feature to me
Selected Dolphin over my HTC default search engine.
I use this browser always but why the music files are not downloaded by the browser itself..??  Plzz fix this problem... PlZz...
Good
Even better than before so easy to use
Has some nice features, but these kind of tabs are not good for phones. It'd be much better if the tabs were accessable frpm the side menu, or any place you can switch on/off
Kick back and relax, unlike that internet explorer that came with a tablet or smartphone that u have to constantly change.  So ANNOYING!!!!!!!
After last update youtube looks werid like if it got a new U.I and can't play video.
almost there
Nice with lots of features.
Very simple and easy to use. Much better than any other browser standard or on the market. I don't give it 5 stars only because there is room for minor improvements.
Great app, best browser for android yet.
I will say this is without a doubt the best browser available for android.  There have been issues with privacy related to this browser.  These issues have supposedly been resolved. I recommend looking into this yourself as I am not technologically savy enough to verify this either way.
It did what I wanted too just can't work out how to use gestures yet.
so far so good
Only been using a few days, but even now I can see Dolphin is far better than the standard native Internet software (Orange UK take note, ur software sucks, get with it, listen to ur customers)
Only just started using the browser but it seems so much better than chrome and firefox. Would defiently recomend it to other andriod users
Better browser than the default one
The Fastest That I Tried
This is a nice browser because of the different user agents.  Extremely easy to navigate, even for the novice android user.
Very good
Working good till time
Very fast on both devices and I like the swiping to get to the shortcuts.
I am browsing faster than th pre-installed browser on my Vizio tablet. It also saves my favorites in an easier format. No crashs thus far...
Lots of features.. i like it..
Lots of features.. i like it..
Chyeaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
I love this browser, both on my Samsung Galaxy S II and on my Asus tablet
I really liked this browser until an update (I'm assuming) caused it to crash everytime I wanted to see my history or bookmarks.
I will give it 5 stars once you are able to customize the widget and homescreen colors.
Pretty fast, speech recognition is good. Only gripe when scrolling side to side sometimes another window pops up.
Cool rock
Better than other browsers...awesome user interface
sementara msh yg terapik-terenak untuk di pakai.. Silakan coba sj..
Great app.  Very responsive, easy to config and use.
Needs simplicity, otherwise 5 star
So far so good fast and  efficient
Better than the stock browser but sometimes quits when trying to close tabs.
Stable.
I LIKE THE PERFORMENCE OF THE BROWSER I AM HAPPY,THUMPS UP TO U.
Fast recommend for Android
I have been searching and testing various browsers but this is the best in terms of speed and usability. Speed is awesome.
Kool browser
Works very well. A trusted application!
K
Samsung Galaxy S3  V clever app with great features. Needs to be faster.
I like it
Good browser easy to use very pc authentic like!!
For over a  month now, I've tried & compared many browsing apps & the Dolphin is my #1 choice! Cache cleaner on exit still needs work, but they all do in that dept. ;)
Okay kinda.....
Its great just has occasional problems like closing web pages on its on !!!
Often takes forever to load.   And freezes alot.
Kool app.
Specifically the tab menu showing up when scrolling up the page. In landscape mode this blocks nearly a third of the page. Option to add shortcut to speed dial is also missing.
my dolphin browser is switching off suddenly too often to avoid its use.Pl sort out this problem of unexpected sudden closing of browser while in use.Also make backward  (like forward) key option avl in updates.
Worth 5stars......!!
Fast and intuitive. Far better than the competition
Still the best mobile browser.
Works great.
You don't need Siri, when you have this browser :)
Amazing
So far so good. Love the fact that history can be easily erased. Also like the tabs on top so I can easily see and move around if u have more than one page open. Only had dolphin for a week and no complaints.
No comment
Dont care much for the fact that many sites web pages require right-left scrolling, even on a Galaxy Note!  Has a large learning curve for someone that uses multiple operating systems and browsers.
Seems to work ok but it won't sync bookmarks with chrome
A nice, fast browser which is easy to use. Works perfectly on my Ace.
Tab 7.0, no problem, gives browsing experience exactly like when using pc. Good job!
Running very fast !
good one.getting high speed download
I love it! Everything us easy to use & find. Not sure what's going on with the video quality at the moment, the sound plays on the videos as normal but the video itself appears in slow motion. Maybe just my phone (Samsung Mesmerize). I wish the Dolphin video player would play in place of the video player when watching any videos because it works great.
Nice one
Great app
wow.
I used some of browsers and find that dolphin is the best among them. Only 2 things: 1) when I add bookmark shortcut to home screen I want to see the icon relevant to webpage, not the default dolphin-bookmark icon. 2) I want to use gesture but it's icon on left or right side block me from clicking any link behind it.
Dolphin is great
Awesome! Very fast and useful!
Nice it meets my requirement
Great app!!!
Surfing like a boss.
Love the browser it's now my default on my HTC Amaze 4G. It's fast light weight and works better than Chrome (google product), I know, and easier and more controllable than stock Internet browser on the phone.
Not bad...
Love it on my thrive and my galaxy S2
Gud
It's good compare to chrome browser...
I can't comment on Facebook and other sites. Fix this I will give five stars.
Faster..i need the fastiest for my samsung galaxy s1...
Nice browser ,would be much better to provide seperate search button
Nice
i luv it! So fast
When I first got it, it was a little glitch. But now its working perfectly.
its really good! way faster
Nice
Its great
Very fast L
In simple words: this is a simple, full featured and 'possibly' a very robust browser...
Great browser
Very nice..
very easy to use
Nice
Chronic
great browser.. perfect for android..
This is the best browser available. I gave it 4 stars simply because it asked for the rating.
My favorite browser out of all the ones i tried but lately every time im on facebook & i try to put use a symble it doesnt work & the copy thing pops up. & i checked its only this browser PLEASE FIX
I think that now that adobe doesn't  want to give more support  for flash player you should fix that problem, this is a nice web browser with a very dynamic interface but now that I have a galaxy s3 I'd like to play videos that need flash player plug in!!! but in general it's  a great app....
Nice ,fast and stable.
Very handy and easy to use
its ok
Great browser,neck and neck with Google chrome in terms of speed
Great app
Good job but still a lot of room for improvement. Using galaxy S3.
Good
Better than my regular browser but needs a few more tweaks.
Nice and practical browser !!!
Nice and practical browser !!!
Awesome!!!!
Excellent browser. Would give 5 stars if it downloaded PDFs from my work website (password protected) like Opera does!
Top
Cant download videos to sd card
Every time i draw a new gesture it opens a new tab, i have new tab feature off and it still does this  Still better than stock browser... just wish it would support flash again
Nice yaar!
Good four ratings from my side.
Was perfect until the last update. For some reason whenever I type anything in facebook (comment, message, status, etc) I can't use symbols or punctuation.
In earlier verisons, I was able to scroll through searches in the address bar but in this build I am not able to. Please fix for a better experience.
No issues.  Best feature is it is one of the few browsers that resize the test to fit the screen as you increase the screen size.  Most others do not do this.  It is stable and fast.
Duyet nhanh
No need to say anymore.
its simple and nice browser
Overall great stuff. I want to be able to batch move and delete bookmarks like 7.30. Also don't like you can't search for your bookmarks.
Fukin awe
Love It
Pretty fast. Great browser, however, not a fan of the rate me pop ups. Although I probably would not have rated it has the app not annoyed me to. I hope this will stop the pop ups now.
I think this is one of the best browsers out there. Easy to used and works without any problems. Just wish I could use screenshot with it. Some reason it is disabled only on this app.
Fast. Tabs work well which is my main thing. Pretty decent.
Nice
Better than my default for sure and because its not real, I don't have to worry about this dolphin trying to tangle me up with its prehensile man parts and attempting to forcibly fornicate with me!
it is nice app for fast browsing
Still having div layer issues, specifically on Facebook desktop version, but at least it's fast.
Will rate higher once full usage has been confirmed
This web brower is really amazing just everything that i need and it is giving me everything that i want, check it out.
Quite good
My biggest issue is it does not handle the full Facebook page well. I would think they would test the browser on one of the most popular web sites.
Seems to boot up quickly. User friendly interface.
I like this browser a lot with all it's add ons but wish it wouldn't take me back to the start and make me redo all my settings every time I reopen it.  Help pls?
a good replacement for regular browser
Allows me to use web apps for work that operate in pop UPS and tabs. Love the speed dial too.
Crap
fj
Can not complain good browsing experience
A Hell of a lot better than I thought it would be. Much better than the stock browser
please fix the adress bar glitch
my chrome messed up so I got this.....WAY BETTER than google chrome :D
Best browser for mobile!!!!!
My only complaint is with gestures, which is hit or miss for me. Ymmv.
Super cool Fast browser with all latest options Much better than opera Load time is very fast Must install
Great app, much better than the default browser!
QUITE FAST
Coool speed,vry quick and flexible.
Samsung Galaxy Tab Plus P-6200 ...but can be greater. Works just like Google Chrome!
Samsung Galaxy Tab Plus P-6200 ...but can be greater. Works just like Google Chrome!
It is Very dynamic in use
That is really good
Nice one
Good speed as it description
Would like addons like adblock for it.
Love the gestures
Grt app must have
Feels like the best browser, but the only problem is that you cant restore the session when you Lon on after exiting... The main disadvantage is that the tabs reloads when you go back to it (when switching tabs)...
Good for 4 star it would 5 star if it cost is low.
Better than stock browser, still a little laggy on Motorola defy. Better than other full featured browsers on the market
Works great. Would rate as a 5 if could automatically sync bookmarks with Chrome on my desktop.
fast browser
fast browser
fast browser
Excelente navegador, muy rápido
Good
No big prob's for me. Sometimes a weird flickering graphics corruption thing on some sites that Google Chrome does not seem to exhibit but not too annoying.
It's ok
Plz insert the option for page saving
Cool and fast
Good apps. Work very well on my device.
Its just great.super fast
The best available Android browser.
warm and fuzzy
Love it..... Works great and transitions smoothly...
Very Good and Stable App
After updates.  It just says waiting and never start.
Stil need 2 improve bookmark saving
One of the better browsers on android, but as a 13 year old kid I found it rather annoying that facebook interaction was buggy. Hopefully it gets fixed soon.
Mast.
Slightly faster browser than original. Hasnt been compared to firefox though.
Some little things like accessing bookmarks are a little unintuitive, however, those are just minor gripes. Dolphin has issues with some sites that overlay images, when you click on an enlarge image link; in this case, zooming in on a section of the enlarged image causes the image to be centred with the web page being viewed, and the image ends up off screen. An annoyance, but not deal breaker. Over all, a satisfying browser experience.
Some little things like accessing bookmarks are a little unintuitive, however, those are just minor gripes. Dolphin has issues with some sites that overlay images, when you click on an enlarge image link; in this case, zooming in on a section of the enlarged image causes the image to be centred with the web page being viewed, and the image ends up off screen. An annoyance, but not deal breaker. Over all, a satisfying browser experience.
Works well
I like it ....
Really love this browser 5 stars
Can anything be done to get flash back? My settings say I have it but I can't see things on sites like I used to since the 4.0 update. I miss being able to watch full episodes on comedy central...still love the tabs being so easy to scroll; still great for switching from page to page easily. Still better than stock browser.
cool browser
Good browser. 4 stars because it asked me to rate it
I luv it
Quite good & fast browser, but when i open multiple tabs, there is flickering on my screen near the tabs.. Please fix it.. Thx
I'm mostly using this browser and it works fine. Never faced any crash. I don't have comparison data with other browser like performance, security.
Its okay needs the touch keyboard
But still slow when loading
I'm not gonna lie, I actually prefer this to all the other browsers.
So far so good, tabs switch seamelessly and they stop running ur data as u go from one to the next. like the voice feature!
Good basic functionality. Addons are few.  Used on my nexus 7
Good basic functionality. Addons are few.  Used on my nexus 7
Fab!
Gud..
Excellent!
quite stable compare to others mobile browser.  doh i think it better to package sonar as addons instead of build-in feature. It a bloated thing to have imo -1. Anyway great job developer +42
quite stable compare to others mobile browser.  doh i think it better to package sonar as addons instead of build-in feature. It a bloated thing to have imo -1. Anyway great job developer +42
Having some troubles with it crashing, but I could just be getting used to the Android/iPhone switchover...
Good but miss flash support.
Good and easy to use
No problems.  Maybe a little slow on ROOTED Photon 4g.  Stable.
This is a good browser, but I'm having TOO many suddenly/unexpected shutdowns.
Been using for 6 months now. Can't really fault it!
Good but the back gesture is wrongly interpretted as bottom page gesture
Great so far
Works great
Great and fast
Fast & user friendly.
Great functionality, but keyboard sometimes doesn't pop up.
Gud nt bad olso
Decent browser, though occasional crashes cost it one star. This renders faster than Chrome, but every now and again acts like it had a few too many beers, crashes and burns. lol  Overall it does what is supposed to do - that being browse and display content, so am quite happy with it.
Yap this browser is good
Ok banget
Using since 5 mins n i guess m lykng it
I love this browser
I really enjoy using this browser. The gestures make browsing much more fluid.
Very good..better than opera
One of the best  browser out, you will not go wrong
I like the way that the tabs on top appear as soon as you start scrolling up and you can close tabs easily. This is more convenient than in opera. The speed does not seem the greatest but better than android's own.
It keeps crashing and shutting down when I am using it all of a sudden. Please fix it used to be 5stars
I love this app.
Fast and efficient.
Much better than stock browser. A few glitches but overall good.
Much better than stock browser. A few glitches but overall good.
It's the best browser on android but I think it might be ripping off Google chrome
I just love this browser.
Good.
Meh one of fav apps & the best browser i've used... But i'll give only 4stars as its downloading is not gud as it doesnt suports certaon thngs so i hope thre will be sme impruvmnts....	loved it nice performance and appearance!!!!!
Good job
I am happy at the moment so i will let you no, more about this net work. Jim
I am happy at the moment so i will let you no, more about this net work. Jim
Having a few problems viewing videos on websites and I wish you could disable the sonar button in the bottom left corner but its way faster than the factory galaxy s2 browser.
Better than the default browser. Also with the add on, you can screen cap what you are browsing.
Great browser.
Excellent browser. Please release update as after the recent ICS update we are unable to switch to desktop mode. Thanks
Its good
It does well enough to keep in my app suite.
Very  Good browser
The only thing that annoys me, and does so very frequently, is how the tabs bar appears every time you scroll up. What is the point in that? It only ever gets in the way, if I want to see the tabs I can just press menu!!
Quick page loads.  Easy to use and powerful browser.  My favorite for the Google Nexus.
Its awesome browser
Too many crashes
Like it
it turns my galaxyS2 into a tablet/laptop. the only thing is the pages take 3 seconds longer to load than my default browser but thats only bcuz it has much more screen to offer. i'd def recommend this app!
I was shocked at how good it is I  have had no issues quik at loading and smooth sick and tired of ur other browsers then download this would give a 5 star rating but I think the design of the website can be much better
In few words, best browser , I like to use it for every thing even social networks. ..................................................................
I use this every day but where's the home button?
Good better
Very good browser with good functionalities
I will review This app because the  product works so well and some of the add ons are making it more fun and easy to use. I have only been using this for about a month. I might give it a five star rating after using it longer.
:D just that whenever I slide the web page, the add-on page keep appearing, abit annoying.
As in the title
This browser is great
Great
Excellent browser for android.
The application is wonderful. No more closing windows and opening new windows
:-)
It make shire allot better.
I'll vote for this
Good
Quicker than stock, gestures are useful! just funky way of not sticking to preferred browser of choice (could be my phone, though).
Quicker than stock, gestures are useful! just funky way of not sticking to preferred browser of choice (could be my phone, though).
Like..fast
im still testing it but as far as I can see the reloading is fast and I love it :))
Makes my video experience easy.
V good
I would have given it 5 stars but the lack of "find on page" got in the way.
It's wonderfully designed. Reminds so much of google chrome. If you're still not convinced, it's x1000000 better than default browser.
It's wonderfully designed. Reminds so much of google chrome. If you're still not convinced, it's x1000000 better than default browser.
I wish it was a little more customizable - I would like to be able to set the thresholds for “high CPU usage“ & “low memory“, for instance.
Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 7.0 Works better than other browsers so it's my new favorite browser :-)
Great browser
Ok
Lightweight and seems to crash less than standard android browser.
Find dolphin to be faster than chrome and prefer the text wrap rendering although the interface is better on chrome but chrome is so slow on my phone.
It gives better results than other.
Most natural (for me) page resizing, excellent performance, logs of features, and the best embedded video handling of all the browsers I've tried.
Better
This is really fast
Works well, functional
It got really slow after last update. Please fix.
If it loaded faster I would have given it a 5 star...
Okey for starting
Some of the features (like Find on Page) don't have alternative other than using gestures.
Fast
Simple ui .
Its a lot faster than that other browser
Awesome browser
The stock browser is crap and this one is a must have even if you have ICS and beta Chrome!!!!
The stock browser is crap and this one is a must have even if you have ICS and beta Chrome!!!!
Works great fast after I got use to it Samsung Infuse.
I prefer this browser over any other that I've used.  Worth trying out!
It is easy to browse, but speed as operamini
Quick and crisp
I like everything about dolphin, using a smaller screen. The only downside is that there are so many options that I can't even remember them all.
I really felt in love with dolphins gestures. It makes browsing so intuitive.
Kewl
Good browser. Bad name
Like this browser recommend it to anyone!
Its good, better than stock browser. Sometime crash though.
Make my searches more cooler than ordinary browsers
Much better than default browser from android 2.2, in terms of UI and Speed
Android products, Nexus 7,  Motorola XOOM, older 32, WiFi, and Droid 4 phone.  The cleanest and fastest browser, having tried Firefox, Chrome, Opera, and standard stock...the snappy response is a plus.
Nice and fast....nice for mobiles although some features such as scroll if the page is big is missing....
great
great
What I have used of it....its my favorite if all browsers
Very fst and lightweight
Working so far with ICS.
Most stable of all I've tried. Like speed dial. Some YouTube videos are very slow especially on pop up windows.
I hate the default browser that closes on me on LG MyTouch !!
I have been looking for a browser that works on my tablet, I've found Dolphin and it works fine, I also like the  voice search - sonar.
Need improvement in downloading
Cool brawser
Pilla kavu keka anndi
Please make dolphin look more like chrome or stock browser
Awesome... yay..
Ok
Great browser. Does more than the others.
I really enjoy using the dolphin browser. It is fast, clean and easy to use. The biggest problem I have with the application is the video codec. Other than that it is a perfect browser, great app.
Best browser for android that I've seen
Not sure how well I like it, haven't used it much. It keeps prompting me to rate it, so I did. Not much to say it is better or worse than 'browser or 'firefox.
Faster than Chrome, much nicer than Opera. This is my favourite Android browser. Only the gimmicky gestures lose it a star - can I have simple forward/back buttons please?   Default blank tab speed dial is just what I like. Lovely!
Best la
Great but doesn't show that you have selected a web link, you have to depend on the progress bar.
Good browser
Still have trouble with some websites but i still like this brower
Just wish I had started using it sooner!
Works superfine. Sometimes it crashes but other than that it's OK
Good but notesy for swich tab
Well-organized UI, faster than given browser. Closing tabs a bit difficult without using gestures even with slender fingers.
:-)
Advanced the only word i can say
What i like from this app is. Exit Function. I tired pressing back btn to exit on default browser.
Apple daily cannot load, otherwise pretty good overall.
Not bad. So far there is no problem as long as the internet connection is good too.
This is a browser I use often and it never let's me down.
yes
More laggy than opera mini, but overall very good. Best browser so far. Xperia Active ICS.
Thats an awsome browser with wonderfull features
Better
Still a bit buggy, but bettr than standard browser
Seems to be faster and much more visually pleasing than Web.
Amazing experience while browsing on this app. Good appp must install
Its a gud one.u must go for it,,,,it wil gv u a pc exprnce
Its a gud one.u must go for it,,,,it wil gv u a pc exprnce
Good
Good... Smooth.... Nice
Love the bookmarking features, but the "find of page" is a bit cumbersome.
Its good
Fast excellent
It's good. Although it is annoying how it keeps asking you to rate it.
Nice
Works great!
Just started using it, but so far so good.
Excellent browser
Updated from older version. It looks much nicer, and the bookmarks are better, but sometimes freezes for five minutes at a time.
I love the speed of this browser!!! This is what I have been looking for. Keep it up you guys!!!
Quite wonderful experience with this browser.other than the fact that it got stuck a couple of times for me,this is easily one of the best android browsers around
it is a good app to use but sometimes download fails.... so plz fix it.... :)
Superfast!
Very good, but if it could run java, it would be so better! (:
Competible flash and api. But not perfect view on flash web.
Cool looks and features... I like it... Update required to make it a bit more faster...
More intuitive than the normal everyday browser, with functions similar to your normal laptop favourites and more :-)
Works fine!  Just had one issue arise with viewing some slideshows off google plus.  Done know if it is the browser or my tablet.
Fast and very usefull
Its Fine..
New user switching over from Opera and I like the simple interface. Opera just seemed to keep too many things between you and actually getting to the web like the gridded start page. Dolphin just gets you right to browsing and that's what I love about it. Fast and easy to use.
Good
Nice browser with good features
Very good.
Love It
Premium web experience. Essential to my android experience. Stable, fast, feature rich.
Good Tools 4 My Brows
Good Tools 4 My Brows
Way better than the stock browser. Allows for almost perfect desktop type viewing.Third phone I've installed it on. EVO 4g LTE
I love it! Makes my browser easier and more efficient to use.
4 stars because every now and then I have to close the tab I'm on before I can open a new one. And also for lack of flash site support. Otherwise I love it.
Perfect.....obsolutely 5 star
Its actually dat gud
This is hands down the best browser I've found for my Thrive tablet.
A good browser
good speed and user friendly
How to download files
nice :)
Well done
Not too bad stable
YOU NEED TO FIX the slide to open bookmarks draw and slide to pen add ons draw. Last update screwed it. Galaxy s2.
Good stuff.
Awesome nothing better out there and its a real shame more people don't know about this 10 out of 10 stars!
I love this browser and have been using it for over a year now.  My only dislike is my bookmarks being shown when i type in the address bar.  Should be able to make private for when kids/others playing with phone.
Great browser.
Good.
High speed application nd easy to run
INTERNET!
Faster than stock, good flash support, ability to act as a desktop.
My favourite browser
Boleh tahan
Lebih ringan dari browser saingan..
Easy to use
Awesome
This is the browser I use alot. And I would be happier if this browser loads .GIF imagesI don't need to have Opera Mobile JUST to load .GIF images.
Definitely better than the Web app, highly recommend it!
Not bad.
Like it
Overall its a very nice browser,  it still needs a adblock plus plugin,  that should be a priority.  Also when you click on someone's comment on facebook and click back to the news feed it automatically scrolls to the top of the page, rather then going back to where you left off on the page, Firefox allows you to go back to where you left off on the page, which saves alot of time especially on a 8" tablet. Eliminate the completely unnecessary auto refresh when you scroll back to a previous page.
Very seldom ever have a problem using dolphin!  samsung gs2
Best browser I've used on my phone
Great browser!
Fast and reliable, but not intuitive, so quite difficult to learn to use. Worth the effort though.
8-2012 update is great! ;-)  Update 7/17 keeps FC & bumps me out to my home screen! Very Pathetic update 6.8.0!!!          Freq FC still occur on Motorola Droid v 2.2.3 ("Froyo") Awesome! User agent "desktop enables Facebook FULL SITE. vs mobile(m.facebook!!) Motor Droid Froyo on Verizon They sugg I use Dolphin mini cuz Dolphin HD has been too unstable on my Droid Froyo 2.2.3 (freq FC or freezing,& at times I had remove battery!) YIPEE
Best android browser I've used so far.
Kind of slow...
Sone flash issues with droid SII but better than the standard browser
Amazing browzer love it makes life so much more simpler .. keep up the good work guys .. !!
great
Sum
I like the customation settings, but there is a learning curve on how to use the browser. I don't like the changes made to the location of bookmarks. Overall this is my favorite browser.
On my Galaxy S 3 it totally freeze up on some web sites like fb and I  have to reboot other than that it's s pretty good app.
Great browser
Faster and more compatible easier browsing
Very coool browsing experience.
Lotta fun
Works great on this tablet fast browsing
Best 1
Great
The best and super fast
Got this on advice from a friend. Good call.
Great
I liked it very much, makes my browsing easier.
Based on ability to install and use Flash, I installed Dolphin, then side-loaded the Flash apk.   So far, both have worked well together.  I miss the syncing with Chrome on my other devices, but that is the price if I need access to Flash.
Works great but misbehaves sometimes
Excellent browser much better than the stock version
Great browser
Best of the besttt...!!!!
Best of the besttt...!!!!
Fast...
I love the shake and talk features and the browser seems to be very solid, has not frozen on me once.
One of Best browser
Prefer Dolphin to other Android browsers as easy to use.
Nice but not save image of fecebook..
Hangs when double tap on facebook login page overaall its amazing
Seems good. Smooth and like the short cuts. Wish I could customize the back button and there's no forward button? I don't use the swipe/gestures
Good one!
Spydermann good so far haven't really had a. Chance to use it but good so far :)
Instant clearing cache on exit. Is just! ;)
Always fast and surprising on each update. I recommend.
Great!!!
nice and faster.
Very good web browser. For it's the best.
This is the best one.
Pretty much it's perfect if they make it faster I used the same network to open the same site , one with Mozilla and one with dolphin and Mozilla was way too faster
The best browser I've tried on Android, fast and smooth.
Very useful browser
Wish I could set it as my default when I click on Web. But it works great and is very fast!
good
Smaller faster and mor stable. Beats the inbuilt Android browser inevery way. Using  a cheap Chinese Android tablet (1\ghz\) and stands up  well. Has not caused any crashes!
I'd give 5 otherwise. Great browser but still have space for improvement. Some downloads are still failing because Dolphin passes it to built-in download manager, not its own (in my case, Samsung's on SGS2). The most annoying bug is if in the last session I had opened an intranet site, on next launch the page will be launched automatically as start page no matter what. Happens on all three devices I tested on mixed configurations. Please fix this, and thank you.
This is like "WOW"
Good overall. Not perfect but much faster than google browser.
A browser with lots of useful add-ins
Nice experience
Works better on tablet than "Internet"
Have tried all browsers but keep going back to dolphin.
Wayyy faster than standard browser on my LG Android
Sometimes it f/c's just after clicking a link. Otherwise, flawless.
It nice lit weight browser. It has alot good features. Only been using it for a couple of day.
It ensures the same like the built-in browser, but faster.
I live this one
I live this one
Very fast browsing
I just love this app.
It works. It does crash sometime on my other phone~ but that could just be my phone.
Browses a bit faster on the interweb and a very noticeable faster video buffering than the stock android internet.
Make mobile internet become obsolete.
Make mobile internet become obsolete.
It recognizes my voice commands and displays accurate search results 10/10 times. Better than Siri. Tabbed windows are sweet.
Using this on an Asus TF300T tablet. Just been using it a short time, and no crashes. Slightly generic looking, but the app works. Like the fact that all my browsing history is cleared upon exiting. I would recommend it to others. Enjoy!!
Perfect browser, easy navigation
The most powerful browser with gesture support
Easy to use, love the quick launch
Love love love it!
Works fantastic.
It's awesome really really great.
It's awesome really really great.
Small try
best web browser ever
Thnx
Glad I got this app. Has made it so easy to roam the internet. Thanks
Smooth
Fast, smooth.   Love it.
Fast.tabs.flash.. etc :)
Fast.tabs.flash.. etc :)
I use both dolphin hd and mini and they're awesome
This is the best browser I have ever tried, and Ive tried them all. Simple, fast, lightweight and super-easy to use. I have recently upgraded to the Beta version, which is just as easy.
Fast and easy to use
great browser.....  love being able to use gestures...  great experience!
This browser is quite nice
Much faster than the stock app. Highly recommended!
Just got it but my first impression is that I'm going to like it.
Great app
Much better than the default Android browser. Desktop mode works great on my tablets.
antikathista ton official browser tou galaxy s2 gia plaka
Nice browser. Lots of features.
Thumbs up
Thumbs up
The best!!!!
(y)
awesome
Excellent opening video...but make your browse more better opera browse thank you
Very good. Beautiful,powerful and easily to use.
Far better than android default. Great features.
Nice when you don't have the great connection
good
Superb!!!
Simple and easy to use
Good
As good or better than the chrome browser.
Its the best & quickest way to surf the web
Great app
Brilliant, very fast, never any problems with it, love the design
Realmente rápido
Of all the web browsers on Android, this one is easily the most intuitive and functional. Great product.
Flash availability!!!! cmon chrome, firefox, *.browser, too slow to provide a solution to a sans-flash world. Make mine dolphin!!
i switched to this browser when i saw the features in detail and i loved it! must-try and must-have browser...fast loading i believe is the best feature evryone will surely love!
best for my droid tab
A fast and easy to use web browser.
Enough said
Enough said
Great app!
User friendly, easy navigation, great add-ons. Couldn't ask more from a mobile browser.
Speedy, rarely hangs. Wish it didn't open every new site in a new tab by default. Hard to figure out how to see bookmarks easily, & can't sort alphabetically.  Wish the sidebars could be disabled, as I seem to frequently pull them out when I'm just trying to scroll. Seems a bit of a steep learning curve.
Like.
Completely terrific! You can go throigh the tabs just as if youre on google chrome! :)
This is a must have app.
Perfect for Nexus 7 tablet.
One of the best browsers on the market...
Its fast and lots of things to choose from
Finally a browser I like dolphin doesnt take long at all much better than my original browser which can suck my nuts haha burn you piece of Snickers I love dolphin
this is the best web browser dont search for more
U r d crome of android...   Grt work...loved d app..
Ok
Its really better than uc broweser
Much faster than default internet browser, pointless add-ons though, not bothering with them anymore.
Much faster than default internet browser, pointless add-ons though, not bothering with them anymore.
Simply amazing. User friendly. Must have.
Looks good
Very fast browser with lots of extras.
Not perfect though, sticks and lags here and there.
This browser is having limitless capabilities than any browser can have.
Cool...covenient...
Awesome!
Flash working !
Flash working !
I love this browser, it's the best.
Most useful and user-friendly Browser I have ever seen. It is just the things I was looking for the last couple  of weeks and found it the best fit for my Samsung Galaxy Tab 2.0 (GT-P3100) !  Thank you ddvelopper team and please keep it updated.
Much better than the stock browser!
This is, simply the best browser on any mobile device, if you haven't tried gestures yet, get on it!
Great browser
Lerve it!
Lerve it!
Great app ;).
Great app ;).
Best browser i have ever used.
Nice than others
Best application ever!!!!  Moves way faster
Best application ever!!!!  Moves way faster
I am enjoying with it's powerful features.
Clears at each close...good stuff for memory.
As my normal browser started using alternate versions of web pages, I needed a different browser which could open a page properly. This does the job. No lag, multitouch works flawlessly and the side tabs feature is a brilliant idea. 5/5
As my normal browser started using alternate versions of web pages, I needed a different browser which could open a page properly. This does the job. No lag, multitouch works flawlessly and the side tabs feature is a brilliant idea. 5/5
Crashed a lot for me, couldn't easily access search history. Bit slower than opera. Took up 14mb on my phone
Thhhhuper Awesome
Nice ;)
Great
Great browser that is fast and efficient.
Great app
been using dolphin for 2 years- as long as I've had an android phone.
I tried others but for me the use of tabs suits me and the sonar feature which might seem a bit gimmicky worked the first time I tried it which surprised me.
It'd be really awesomeness if you created an auto-clicker add-on!
It'd be really awesomeness if you created an auto-clicker add-on!
Great alternative to the chrome browser in the nexus 7
It's good, but lagging for me..
nice app.....
Mast hai boss.....
Uninstalled opera mobile on my GS3!
The best browser for Android phones although opera mini comes close
Its gud
Works fast...and well...awesome app!!!
This is the best browser for android without question
its work perfectly it actually pertty fast
It's very handy, it's clean, and simple. I like it!
Works great. Much better than stock browser.
superb superb superb!!!!!!!!!!!!
Superb can't be better
Very useful browser, many features like tabs and gesture, good bookmarks organization, no crashs
Look prestige
ThIs is one of the fastest browsers in the play store and its free!!
I like this apps, got look, speed and meny option you wont.
เยี่ยมครับใช้ง่ายเร็วจริงๆ
Gd
Fantastic browser for browse net on tab
Super love it! Its perfect. Its like using google chrome.
Super love it! Its perfect. Its like using google chrome.
nice
Perfect application.
Perfect application.
Grt app ....it needs some more skins ...
TobiannoFX  Dolphin has crashed now & then, but I don't care besides everything crashes sooner or later on this Version bloatware laden android. Dolphin HD is the best.	SO FAR SO GOOD  THO I JUST INSTALLED AND CAN TELL I HAVE SOME LEARNING CURVE W/ THIS APP. BUT RIGHT AWAY I LIKE THIS APPS CLEAN LOOK + IT SEEMS QUICKER THAN THE OTHER 2 BROWSERS ON THIS BLOATED YET TO BE ROOTED VERIZON/ GOOGLE HTC. AT SETUP IT OFFERS TO SYNC CONTACTS BUT KEEPS TELLING ME THAT MY EMAIL INFO ( for all my accounts) IS INVALID... SO I SKIPPED THAT PART FOR NOW & JUST FIGURE I WAS DOING SOMETHING WRONG, BUT WE'LL SEE. SO FAR, I LIKE BECAUSE IT DOES SEEM LIKE IT'S GOING TO BE THE BEST
Best browser app by far and the sonar and gesture settings are perfect
Must have!
I dont even want to browse something. I enjoy the app!
No need to say anymore. It's that good!
This is superb
The best..
Im only rating so i can keep using without interuption
*gestures  *Much more add on *cloud sync  *cache to SD card  *orientation change manual as well automatic
The best n fastest browser
I love it
Work perfectly for my HTC one x!
Great browser. I love it. So many features and runs so smooth! (swipe to the right for sidebar.)
Cool
Cool
Title
Excelent speed....nice app
Best android web browser I ever seen. 200+ out of 100
It looks good and runs fast, I love it !
Nice.... It works
Awesome and best browser
Awesome and best browser
Awesome and best browser
One of Best Browsers if not the best. I tried firefox as a long time user but it does not compare in stability & performance. Dolfin is a great browser!
Try the rest but save yourself time and stick with this one.
It's cool app
Best browser u can find anywher...
Nice browser best I seen so far
I like it
In most cases, better than chrome browser
Why can't the ordinary browser do crazy stuff like this???
Brilliantly put together browser a lot better than my last one...keep up the good work guyz n gals...chike...
I loveeee this browser it works faster than my original brother
The title says it all.  That and many super features - sidebar menus, mic search, speed, notation search, etc.  Learning more each day.  If you get it, take time for the tutorial.  This is an addendum to above.  It quit working in the voice mode which required me to uninstall and reinstall thus losing all my gestures. Maybe this was a Thrive problem.  Rebooting Thrive did not help.  Anyway, it's back and again wonderful.  Love the voice mode. Woot!  Contrary to another post, gestures is great if you keep them simple, use them, get used to them (must remember what you created, eh?).
best browser ever i wish i could change the theme color of the browser!
Runs far better than chrome or the stock browser on jellybean.
This Is my first smartphone and I find it faster than my laptop! It even has individual tabs at the top to make it easier for new users like myself. Great app! Definitely should try it out!
This Is my first smartphone and I find it faster than my laptop! It even has individual tabs at the top to make it easier for new users like myself. Great app! Definitely should try it out!
I use this browser...This is execellent...!!!
Love the ability to have multiple tabs
Just wish the browser could close without having to back out of it or find the exit button, which takes three clicks ... overall it's a great experience!
Just wish the browser could close without having to back out of it or find the exit button, which takes three clicks ... overall it's a great experience!
One of the best browser I have ever used
Very nice, it's like you are browsing on your desktop.
Italia light. Nota a lot bugs. Simple. Italia dos everything smothless
Love this app
Continues to be the best browser for Android!
Great. It's really fast.
Love it
Wonderful browser!!!
Wonderful browser!!!
Best browser for dowloaders.
Love it, have it on phone and Pad.  Wouldn't use any other browser.  Thanks so much
cool!!!
Nice browser
Nice browser
Nice browser
Nice browser
Bueno
Bueno
Great but it cuts out my text box after a few seconds of initially opening it.
Nice browser
Great browser!
Great browser!
This a great innovation
The fastest browser ever!!
The fastest browser ever!!
A+
A+
A+
You must watch the preview video!!!
Way better than the standard Android browser. Tabbed browsing support is big selling feature. Sonar is a great search tpol as well. Keep up the good work..
Way better than the standard Android browser. Tabbed browsing support is big selling feature. Sonar is a great search tpol as well. Keep up the good work..
Fast, efficient, and stable.
This is a REALY fast browser,I"ve tried  all of them.Dolphin is the BEST! Thanks . Texet  9720 Boxchip A10 1Ghz
This is my favorite browser. I'm waiting for a version for Windows?
Toooo great.... It's just to "fast n furious"...relay a 5star app.
its better than Google chrome
nice browsar....
This is the fastest browser ive had until now! The interface is very friendly and has usefull shortcuts! Keep making it better! !!
This is the fastest browser ive had until now! The interface is very friendly and has usefull shortcuts! Keep making it better! !!
Sweet! Everything works great!
awesome
simple nd fAst..!! juzz love it..!!
...probably an understatement.  It's a great browser.
The best
Cool
Bueno
Started using this browser and so far, is giving me free headache ...thumb up, toe up, everything up!!!!
Really deserve for 5 stars
Slick, so much better than the stock browser.
Just awesome
Just awesome
amazing
This is the best browser in the hole world!!! I rated 5 stars cuz this is the best browser!!!! Good graphics, Super speed, Doesnt say ''Sorry, this app is not responding please close it and try again''  not like other browser they suck!! And makes links safe from viruses
This is the best browser in the hole world!!! I rated 5 stars cuz this is the best browser!!!! Good graphics, Super speed, Doesnt say ''Sorry, this app is not responding please close it and try again''  not like other browser they suck!! And makes links safe from viruses
Very nice browser
Gud n fast
It is faster than the browser that comes with the Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1
Trust me, it fast and it works..!! 5 star
It's great app... And I recommend you to download ut, it really worth 5 stars....
BROWSER
Great browser.
Love how it wraps text in articles.
So good
Awesome app very fast and dependable great accurate
Brilliant!
Awesome the update is so much faster and it got rid of that annoying sonar screen that popped out at every launch.
Love it on my tablet and phone :-)
I love it!!
This really a well thought browser for phones easy to use and practical
Said it all!
Best browser on the play store , makes it easier to download stuff from the internet and is easier to use than the default HTC browser
Very good!
Would recommend!
Who needs chrome
Supports flash and html5. Gestures is very useful. Has some nice add ons as well.
Awsome
Best Browser Ever
Very gud app
It has got all..
Love the voice search capability.
The best mobile browser for speed and user friendliness . If you use another browser because it is on your computer then you are losing out on the best all round mobile net experience
Excellent app
Excellent app
Excellent app
Thanq u .
Cool.lucid.new.
So far so good.
The best android browser
The best android browser
It works really well on my galaxy tab...no issues till now
Flawless victory.
superb!!!
Just do it!!!
Gud
Gud
Gud
Great browser really speedy
After update dolphin freezes and fails to respond i have to use task manager to close. Pls fix cause dolphin is my default browser now im using opera mini instead. Will give 5 stars after fix. Samsung galaxy s2
Really a good browser ever I have seen .
Super
Had it on my last Samsung first thing I downloaded when I upgraded. Does what it says, intuitive. Only thing I would like improved is to be able to scroll within a Div but think this is a global mobile browser problem.
Best browser in the world
I think l am going to like this. Works well so far. Give it a try.
Its better than opera ....
Excelente browser...recomendo.
Very good..
brillant apps
For me, it's a best browser ever! User friendly!
Bad aas
Nice
Machi super dolphin  Machi open the bottle readya
After years of using the i OS (apple) system, I switched to android. At first I was unhappy with the browser it came with but after downloading dolphin my life four so much better!
Really awesome and super
The best browser. Works great.
wowwwwww
Awesome browser... It's a real fun using dolphin browser... Excellent job guys...:-D
good app
It is the only browser i use PERIOD
love it
Great
Super fast
enjoy using it
Works like my desktop browser
Works like my desktop browser
In love with it!
Its amazing how fast this is try it and you won't regret it
Best browser yet by far!
Best, hands down.
Great...and fast...
Works great on the nexus 7 and rocks!
Works great on the nexus 7 and rocks!
Its amazing
Thank you! It works so much better now!  Best browser out there for android
Brilliant a lot better than the stock browser.
Good
Amazing
Simply amazing
Works really well
Works really well
Switched from stock browser to dolphin and I'm glad I did. No problems encountered yet and its also faster than stock.
Get it
Keep it up. Fantastic, user friendly tool.
Love it. Super fast and great voice recognition.
It's great How it works with Evernote!
The Best! Better than stock browser.
The Best! Better than stock browser.
Omg best mobile (and non-mobile when you need it) browser for smartphones, fully customizable with great add-ons I'll never use the default browser again!
I've tried several browsers but I keep coming back to dolphin.
There is nothing better for browsing
Good
Works fine on my lava tab
The best mobile browser.
It's the best browser I've had. Good job.
It's the best browser I've had. Good job.
Good job guys!
I love it
Great. Great. Great. Love all the features. Can't wait for Dolphin Engine to get out of beta.
:)
Superb browser..............
app
Best browser I've seen
Great browser app
compatible with everything.  I love it!
to write more than I like it better than Chrome
This is the best browser ever. I will never use my phone's standard browser again.  Real tabs, gestures and an intuitive design make it a boon. On top of it all, it can reformat most websites to fit on my screen so I never need to scroll to the side to read.
This is the best browser ever. I will never use my phone's standard browser again.  Real tabs, gestures and an intuitive design make it a boon. On top of it all, it can reformat most websites to fit on my screen so I never need to scroll to the side to read.
The gesture drawing makes it fun
Fast
Browser that's have all i need.
thumbs up
Excellent AMD most impressive could use better exit controls and button placement.
great
Need a home button and a way to remove the dolphin shortcut thing.
Exellent
Best browser there is
No lags at all. And I love the speed dial and swipe menus and gestures.
Awesome! Way better than the standard browser
Awesome! Way better than the standard browser
The best browser for android with a very friendly interface
Awesome
Thanks dolphin, i think only this browser that have integrated flash player (free), and it works wonderfully good. So i can play my fav web based flash game anywhere i want... keep the good work dolphin :3
Much better than the other mobile browsers, reliable and I love the sonar feature!
I've been using this for a very long time and it's nothing but outstanding!
Just fine
It really meets my needs. I like it
Fast and reliable ... great addons
This browser is excellent and fast too. I appreciate your effort in making it and is performance is very good.  Thank you.
It's perfect in every way. The touch feature is just extra really..I'd give 5 stars even if it didn't have it. Excellent app overall. Great job.
متصفح روعه احسن من الكثيرين النصابين
Fjuyfyykfykug
Fjuyfyykfykug
The first, truly, exceptional browser for Android!!! Awesome job guys!!!
Ok
this is well skyfire shoulda been. I am now I 100 percent fan of dolphin browser
this is well skyfire shoulda been. I am now I 100 percent fan of dolphin browser
Excelent!!!
Nice broswer...
Nice features
No complaints
A very cool browser that's perfect for mobile tablets
I like. It
Awesome browser!
Best browser ever
Hey guys I think this is the best app for browes web. in the defalut browser cant change the tab(window)
Easily the best browser for Android. Using this on my Iconia tab A200 and sgs2 epic 4g touch  EDIT: moved to chrome for a little while. Was not impressed, back to dolphin for the foreseeable future! Me gusta
Excellent browser
This is the best browser I got on my phone. Fast and no bugs. Best browser experience. User friendly too!
Easy simple .. and works with flash..
Nice browser
....
Probably the best browsing app for a smart phone
Good
Great so far
Great so far
Great app yo
The Best Good !
Speed...... Awesome Tabs....... Fantastic Sonar....... Cool
Excellent browser esp on Tablet PC's & cell phones. It's fast, efficient, and doesn't require much memory.
Ill browsah, son.
Ill browsah, son.
Very nice app!
Okelah
Very great application..faster than original stock browser..
Very great application..faster than original stock browser..
Its lot easier to navigate than the default and other web browsing apps i have purchased
Solid
Awesome
Much faster than my old browser. Love it!
Awesome App
Wow! It is working with great speed i LOVE it.
Very fast and simple.
Live it!
enjoy this app n rate  5 star for it!
Good browser
Altough it is boring to write this I am doing it because Dolphin is a great browser for smart phones. The best I have tried. Google should adquiere it and wipe out chrome for androd, currently  is slow and it crashes too often.
This browser is convenient and fast, multitasking with other phone feature is working nicely
Love it. Nuff said.
Fastest browser ever..good try...
Good work
& it just keeps getting better! @ better.
Downloaded this use on my nexus 7 to view some flash content. Works like a charm
Downloaded this use on my nexus 7 to view some flash content. Works like a charm
I've been using tis app for nearly a year i'm more than satisfied n can def give 5/5..
Best browser I've used so far compared to stock, opera, Firefox.
This app is beast AF!!
Broke my scale
Cool
A must have... :3
I used this browser and love everything about it. Doesn't crash as much as Firefox does. I'll give it ten stars if I could :-)
Better than default
Pretty mad. Im mad about it. Mad.
Good app, easy to use n if u like easy tabs and multi use, this is better than the browser that comes with the phone. Overall great   easy to use app
I've tried them all, and Dolphin is the best, especially with all the great add-ons.  Great dev communications, too! Try it, you won't go back. Also lets u clear cache & cookies at exit if u choose.
Luv it "
It hiccups sometimes but it's Still better then the 1 that comes with the phone.
It hiccups sometimes but it's Still better then the 1 that comes with the phone.
Light, fast & very practical. I can see why this is considered the best Android browser out there.
Fast and easy to use!!!
Its the internet, and not anything thats not the internet.
Its the internet, and not anything thats not the internet.
Good job
Great experience
Is very good and fast
My husband approves saying "I can draw a g and it goes to Google".... Then draws G's all the live long day.
Used on HTC Sapphire and Nook Tablet.  Very useful!
Stable,feature rich application. Love it, use it all the time!
Well deserved 5 star rating
Well deserved 5 star rating
Best browser available
Thanks for still allowing flash
Cool app works well
Drop the "browser", just "Dolphin".  It's clean.
It is miles an head of any stock browser, I use it all the time!
AMAZING! Best browser out there IMO.
Best found so far
The best browser for Android by far . Have had it for a week & nothing negative to say about it
The best browser for Android by far . Have had it for a week & nothing negative to say about it
Excellent browser
Excellent browser
Awesome!
Excellent
..and good looking
A lot better than built in browser
Nice browser that doesn't need flash for watching videos.
Thanks.
I tell everyone great product and continues to get even better thanks for the products they make life easier!
I tell everyone great product and continues to get even better thanks for the products they make life easier!
I can rely on Dolphin for reliable browsing where Chrome and Firefox have failed.
Fast!
Love it!
Love it!
Working perfectly.
Working perfectly.
Nice job fellas
I like this app.. so fast so stable..
It is really very intuitive. Great deal of work. Thanks
Best Browser in Market
In my mobile i genrally use either the dolphin or chrome.. But due to addons.. Dolphin rocks
Excellent and cant wait to use it more.
Good so far
Whoot
Whoot
~(‘▽’~) (~’▽’)~
Good quality browser
Love how quick it is
Great app man....and  downloading is much better than other fuckin browers
Great app man....and  downloading is much better than other fuckin browers
Love it
Awesome!  Tabbed browsing, bookmarks, add ons, flash capability.  Blows the native android browser out of the water.
Enuff talk...  Best android browser ever That's it!
Simply it is the best
Love this browser
Tabbed browsing is good.
Amazing and it's always getting better
It is very nice app i like it 5 star
Loads a larger variety of sites than any other
Best browser I ever used
Best browser I ever used
The best browser on the market!
The best in the world by far. Speedy like a bullet and as functional and elegant as a ballet dancer. Great stuff guys. Finally, satisfaction garaunteed.
nice browser
Nice
Excellent
Amazing browser I thank the dolphin browser team for letting me experience such a brilliance
Very nice.  Lov it
Best
Great stuff.
Great browser!
Lots of easy and helpful features that sets dolphin brower as the top Android browser.
The swift browsing experience is unparalelled by its competitors with a intuitive UI and a wide array of addittional features, Dolphin Sonar is a surpringsly well appreciated addition.
Lost flash with Ics update got it back with this browser, I'm happy.
Best browser avaible :) works perfect on my SGS2
Best browser avaible :) works perfect on my SGS2
Could use some work.
Fine art
I recommend it to anyone who asks me.. :-)
I recommend it to anyone who asks me.. :-)
Have tried a few different browser but this one ia by far the best one yet! So fast, so smooth.
fast working browser
Neat
Best browser yet; wish I would've found it earlier!
Best browser yet; wish I would've found it earlier!
Like it!
Awesome web browser with excellent security when installed with trustgo antivirus....
Awsome....way easier to use then the browser on my atrix hd
Awsome....way easier to use then the browser on my atrix hd
I ll gv 5star...awesome browser..best part is u can easily switch from mobile to desktop browsing....
Clean user interface, renders pages really fast. Definitely better than the stock browser on my Tab.
Is the best..Bigup guys..
Someone sayed it was the fastest browser :)
Love it
Love it
Most innovative browser i ever seen...
Good
Best browser ever
I love it!
I love it!
It allows me to see sites that I couldn't see previously.  I believe they were sites that needed a java script that my tablet did not have.  Dolphin must have what was lacking in the other browsers.
I loveeee dolphin
Still the best
Good
Best browser on android.
Good stuff
Love This..Works well for me!!
excellant
used it for a few seconds and I think it is a lot better than my browser that comes with my transformer.
Love this browser
Loved the browser ! Stock browser looks like a joke now !!!
The tabs.
I really like this browser a lot. It is fast, efficient, and secure. What more can you ask for?
I wouldn't try another!
Its really good app by android..fast browser..voice search and gesture search....I am loving it
Best of all
Well done! I love it! But will be better if double tap on scree fits the display...
Well done! I love it! But will be better if double tap on scree fits the display...
The best
The best browser out there
Good for steaming non YouTube videos
Works wonders for youtube!!!! N everythings jus so fast now!!:) love love love it!!!
This browser is super cool !! 5 star for this app!!
Good
It works for me. :-P
yeah
This browser is a great stock Android browser replacement, faster easier and has addons, I suggest this app
It gives all the premium features which other antiviruses takes bucks for it....
No doubt, best
No doubt, best
This the best browse I have ever used in Android
Love it
Can do everything I want
Just started using on my new Android tablet.  So far very good
Works better than what came on this phone.
Super...
Best browser!!!!
Usefull Very nice
Very fast
Very fast
It works good. I was mainly looking for a desktop browser and with this I can switch between android and desktop also iphone an some others
Best ever
Thank you, very simple and fast.
Not the best android browser but again it is exceptionally good. Brilliant. This is second best to chrome in my opinion.
Fastest browser i have found
Fastest browser i have found
Really easy to access bookmark, just slide screen left edge. But sometimes when accessing heavy pages dolphin cannot respond to my touch to a link.
GS2
Good browser  Nice voice recogniztion in built in browser
Good browser  Nice voice recogniztion in built in browser
Good browser  Nice voice recogniztion in built in browser
Great!
It doesn't get any better than this!
Its working very quick and fast a very good browser to an android mobile.
Good job
I think its a very good browser. I suggest to everyone
So quick. Love it
This dolphins app really quickly to take you online and surfing on internet. You can even add theme and coloured as well. Really the best suitable on samsung ace as have used dolphins browser now for several days. Give u guys 5 stars!
fantastic feature set, very reliable, only negative is the rendering could be better.
The best and the greatest browser out there..
Feels like all the otjer browser sites
Thees is dee good wan
Thees is dee good wan
My Number 1 browser. Its the first app I download on every phone.
My Number 1 browser. Its the first app I download on every phone.
Great app
This app is unbelievably fast,user friendly,and the most comfortable mobile browser I have ever used. 5 stars!!!!!
The main android web browser
the best browser in the market..
I love it.
Excellent...
Period
Its a wonderful browser with really nice options.....
Not to mention, it renders pages a-OK.   Love it!
Works like a charm
Works like a charm
I think it is faster then opera.
I think it is faster then opera.
Great act like a double to my PC great too have on my phone!!!
Amazing features, and settings
I've just use this browser and so far so good. That's all for now.
Love it
El mejor navegador movil
Best browser, easy to customise to your needs
Factory browser is laggy. This fixed all my problems
Brilliant
Best search engine around
Excellent browser. Definitely a replacement for the native Android browser.
speed is good, user experience is wming the best...
speed is good, user experience is wming the best...
Works great, love all the options
Superb browser
The best browsing experience by far on my Galaxy S3
Good..
This browser has some pretty cool features.
perfert
Best android browser I have used. Very flexible and functions pretty much like Chrome does on a computer. Extensions are really good too.
Great browser with nice interface
Super fast... Keep it up guys...
Super fast... Keep it up guys...
I have bookmarking and placing a shortcut to home screen very simple process.
Works amazing!
Fast and well laid out with great customization options for more personalized browsing.
This is the best browser that I have used with many add ons like desktop.
Fast and easy to use.
Simply put, lovely!
better than explorer
Figfgh
I think this is the best android browser :D
Loads fast. Ease of use.
Cute app
Beautifully. Good.best browser I've ever seen
Good app
Great browser, works perfectly on htc Evo and Sony tablets.  Love being able to keep tabs open while browsing other sites.I don't know why anyone would use any other browser!
Great app.
Perfection
this is the best web browser in the world....so simple and fast....just love it
Love the tabs and last pass add on.
User friendly n convenient
Best
Awesome!
It's fast and easy to use.
..
Very nice
Works seamlessly with add ons like Last Pass and X marks...
The new update is awsome!!!!
Excellent browser. Very comfortable and user friendly. Fast and smooth.
Best browser and I have tried them all
Excellent app. Can open multiple tabs. Perfect for my use.
Excellent app. Can open multiple tabs. Perfect for my use.
The best
Sleek and fast. Has everything you need in a browser. Enough said.
Sleek and fast. Has everything you need in a browser. Enough said.
Dolphin has the most helpful plug in of any browser I have ever used. Being able to function as a desk top browser and not have to use the mobile sites is great.
Wonderful
Wonderful
I can open pictures and video that will not open on the standard browser. I like the quick tabs instead of minimizing and scrolling threw tabs.
Desktop experience on phone
Hands down.
Hands down.
Does what you expect and more. Make sure to hit menu and see what else is under the hood
Good and fast
First impressions very good!
great browser
great browser
Nice fast browser but not optimised for low end devices....
Best I have ever seen :)
Runs great on my device
I think there no browser software like dolphin in android
I use it over the others as my default browser. Its better and faster and easier on my Infuse. However Something has changed the little zen garden  of dolphin happiness I had. Another app，or me，or an update.....has upset it and some pages stay blank and i have to hold power button til shut down to unfreeze it every so often. this is new though. im sure they are on it. right guys?
Good app
Good app
Very good,  very pragmatic,  and very useful
Fast and functional. Gesture option is a marvel.
Best browser i ever used. Fast and perfect.
Best browser i ever used. Fast and perfect.
I have to try it  now!!!:
Like on my Pc or even better so far:D Nice app!
Nice :-D
Recommended by the everything everywhere team, and they know their stuff
Its a awsome browser.the voice search system makes it special from all other browsing apps.
dolphin is much much better than opera!!! :-)
Good
Good
I put it with you like dolphin because you can set it to where ever you are on a page you'll always show up as a desktop version. On facebook it's pretty slick can you also get messaging windows. On bigger screen android what's better than that?
I put it with you like dolphin because you can set it to where ever you are on a page you'll always show up as a desktop version. On facebook it's pretty slick can you also get messaging windows. On bigger screen android what's better than that?
Nothing further to add
My first downloaded browser beside the phone browser and it's looked great.
greater than any browser
greater than any browser
This browser is better then my normal one
The best
It`s like browsing on my computer and that is the highest compliment I can give it.
Small, versatile and easy to use.
Brilliant browser on mobile, tablet or desktop :) Dolphin sonar is brilliant alway gets what I say even when not speaking 100% clear which being Scottish is hard for most humans
Mantab......!!!!!
Superb
Best browser ever
Thee greatest appin my world! I know there are others, but for me--I am confident that I will be assisted,to the best of mr. Dolphens ability. Thank you MKW.
Fast and the screen is big
Two thumbs up!  and more power.
I highly recommend this browser its amongst the best
Works fast
This is a great browser, but the gestures/sonar window keeps popping up randomly when I click on links, making the browser barely useable. Sonar button in bottom left corner is too close to the back button. No quick forward button.
This is a great browser, but the gestures/sonar window keeps popping up randomly when I click on links, making the browser barely useable. Sonar button in bottom left corner is too close to the back button. No quick forward button.
...
...
Nice
Awesome browsing experience
Very happy with this browser. This is my default. Thank you. Keep it coming with updates
Very happy with this browser. This is my default. Thank you. Keep it coming with updates
Good
Like
I love it!!
Awesome
finally a browser well built!
inayah like this. b cause it works very fast
Superb work
Great App.
Very nice app
Good.
Great!!!! Recommended
Great!!!! Recommended
Best mobile browser
So far so good, i think this is the best
;)
I've tried a few and keep coming back.
I've tried a few and keep coming back.
WheeeeE
WheeeeE
Life is easier with this browser than google!
5/5
5/5
This is the best
Always dependable and simple and lots of great addons and options  I've used it on HTC Samsung  and LG and always seems ppretty  complete and efficient
Could do slightly better with flash
The one problem I have found is it doesn't save photos in full resolution.  I hope to see this problem fixed in the future because its a great Web browser
Working great on my tab
All you need to surf
Nhgtfdy
Love it
Best mobile browser. Period!
Best browser ever....just awesome
Its simply awesome xD
Best browser I've tried.
It doesn't take a while to load even thought my connection is not so great.
Omg I love it didn't know apps like this existed 5 stars!!!!!!!!!!!!
I like this app
Very good and fast browser
Constantly updated too which keeps it fresh.
Samsung Infuse 4G  It's very user friendly for  having so many features, options and settings. I do wish the dolphin in the lower left could be hidden as it occasionally gets in the way.
Very nice I like the quick exit feature
Blind dolphin
Best.  Add downloading pause and resume.and data saving
Wow this app is really nice and works well on my live walkman
Its good
Great app
Light and easy.
Light and easy.
Nice work guys
Nice work guys
Nice work guys
v good
Working superab.
Little annoying messages,every 5 mins, to rate it, but great browsing and fast
Love this browser. Only thing is that, after Beta update, it started to drain my battery really quick.
I like it
Greatest browser
Love the gestures feature. Loads faster than the standard browser and easy to use!
Nice app
The quickest engine I have ever used!!!!!
THE BEST
THE BEST
nothing
So far the best web browser on Android I've ever tried! Very clean and fast. Interfaces are so intuitive, very easy to understand and use the features. 5 stars!
Very good browser. I like it better than stock Browser.  Page load times have suffered since laast few updates. Htc chacha.
Love it. Always the first thing I download when I get a new phone
All that I ask for and more.
Its just awesome and fun all around
That's all I got  :)
No complaints
No complaints
And, the price is right!
And, the price is right!
Has lots of user options. Best browser out there.
Im a dolphin
Im a dolphin
The application is fast and very responsive.
Fast browsing, i like it.  Thank Dolphin
Great
I love it its simple and not at all frustrating to use!
I think it's the best browser out in the market, easy to use and access best for smartphone's
Very very very fast
Enjoying it so far and its free
Love this browser. I tried others and didn't like them as much as dolphin.
Love this browser. I tried others and didn't like them as much as dolphin.
Easy to use
Works amazing I've used this app onseveral of mine smart phones and had always worked great!
Switching the client is sooooo handy. I hate it when sites force their lame mobile version on you. Not a problem now!
Hands down, Dolphin is the best browser on Android!
Fast, Light and useful.. what else do you need?
Fast, Light and useful.. what else do you need?
Latest upgrade made this noticeably faster.  Great job!  I prefer this over stock browser.
The UI is concise and nice. I like the tab especially
The UI is concise and nice. I like the tab especially
Functionality it has is more than any browsers ...like it more than desktop browsers
Wooo its suppop i like it
Definitely seems faster than google +tabbed browsing and voice cmds - it rocks!
So far better than the phone browser..keep it up!
Its very fast,  very responsive and intuitive.  So far I've had no problems using it. Great work.
Great app flawless ..i love it
Very good so far the best !!!??
Best mobile browser. Period.
Very good browser
Very fast and easy to use.
Best browser in my opinion
Best browser in my opinion
One of the fastest browser. Thanks keep up the good work guys.
It's a perfect browser
I love the tabbed browsing. Dolphin is really a fabulous way to surf from your small devices. Keep up the great work, guys.
Amazing
Ok
Great app.Faster and            better than google crome. Very easy to use and understand.
Exceptional android browser.
Best App.
Best App.
Best App.
Great Browswer
I havent found a site that I use guía browser wont display perfectly. Love it!
Nice
Nice
Simply marvelous!
Porn like actual computher
So far I am happy using Dolphin Browser.
Period
OMG I love this thing its awsome
Nice
Best browser up to now and up to date with html5
I think this browser the best for android. I always used this browser.
Nice browser
Nice browser
Used to work fine but now resets back to first time settings everytime I close it.
Used to work fine but now resets back to first time settings everytime I close it.
Works Great
Such am improvement over the stock browser.
Such am improvement over the stock browser.
Love the gesture thing!  It fast too, love it!
This is my go to browser. It is extendable, easy to use, and constantly improving.
Simple and.much better than the orange browser that came with the phone. Great ideas for the touch screen too
Working fine
Fnggb
I love it!
El mejor q probe hasta ahora recomendado
Nsnsjendndi
Cool browser
I love it! Wayy faster than the default browser and has a lot more functions. :)
Rock solid and lightweight browser. However, it lacks a incognito ( or private) mode...
Funciona en Galaxy 3 con rom 2.2
Just like real dolphins, clever
Pretty legit
Default browser won't even load, dolphin works and is faster than default ever was!
I love the update.
Awesome!!
Awesome!!
its amazing especially in speed and sensitivity of voice command!!
Fast, smooth and so far, trouble free. Haven't tried the sonar voice function yet but hope it works as well as everything else. Far better than the default browser. Try it!
Nice fast and smooth
Much better than stock internet browser, stuff actually loads
Much better than stock internet browser, stuff actually loads
Much better than stock internet browser, stuff actually loads
My browser of choice.
Best Internet application out there.
It have same small minuses, but it is fast, much faster than my beloven Opera.
Yep
Awesome browser for the evo 4g
Better
Good!
fckinly awesome
!!!!!!!!!
!!!!!!!!!
!!!!!!!!!
!!!!!!!!!
Awesome browser
Great app, also have it on my Nook Tablet!
Awesome Browser
Great!!
Just installed this app. Great so far, got sick of the original browser in which the back button kept closing the browser!
Randomly, it seems, even with only one tab. Otherwise, it's great.
It just works,  something I rarely say about anything.
Nice features over the stock browser including support for  lastpass!
You'll love this browser.
You'll love this browser.
I use this on my tablet and it is as good if not better than a regular desktop browser. It also runs much faster on android 4.0 and above, and crashes/force closes are gone since updating to 4.0.
I like it a lot
very good
Dolphin rocks
It's fast and friendly. I like it.
It's fast and friendly. I like it.
Browser works great with my Droid RAZR 4g.
Browser works great with my Droid RAZR 4g.
Excellent
It is the fastest most customizable browser for Android.
faster and better
Probably the best browser for andriod on the market. Good job!
Excellent Browser
Nice!!!!!
This app is cool, fast and well looking.
Goodoo good
Very good browser
I got this because my stock nexus browser wasn't working. It works perfectly so far.
My phone doesn't support flash.. I've tried so many browser apps but there is a problem that i can't stream video without flash.. With this app,, it direct me to my media player (mobo media player) so i can stream any videos without using flash.. Thanks dolphin! :D
My phone doesn't support flash.. I've tried so many browser apps but there is a problem that i can't stream video without flash.. With this app,, it direct me to my media player (mobo media player) so i can stream any videos without using flash.. Thanks dolphin! :D
sgs2 ICS 4.03 when opening the app on horizontal - causes reboot
amazing!!!!
Best browser for android so far... Very happy!!
I have yet to find a browser that beats dolphin. One of my favorite features is simple; the ability to exit the app so it doesn't run in the background.
5 stars  far superior to google(chrome)
Best there is.
Fast & smooth
Love it so far!  It does take time to figure out all the cool features.  Much better than standard/included browser.
The best
Bst of browsers used
No matter what new browsers come along or what upgrades are made to the older browsers, I try them out and come right back.
Works like a dream.
This is the S%*#! I looooovvvveeee it! Im going to marry Dolphin i cant be without her! Great App!
This is the S%*#! I looooovvvveeee it! Im going to marry Dolphin i cant be without her! Great App!
I'm first time using. It's very good. Better than opera.
Great browser very stable bad flash is awesome on my s3!
Won't let me force the use of flash plugins. Worthless. Going back to Chrome.
Cant complain. Does everything a pc browser does plus some amusing gimmicks
Its the best & fast browser with good features
Its the best & fast browser with good features
Nice app i luv dis app it is fast browser which i never seen
The best browser ever!fast loading, unlike chrome.good job!
As being in IT sector. I know. How tech is improving and dolphin is best in android interface .. i ve used boat, opera and uc browser bt this is nt only faster bt also provids. Btr picture resolution ..wich we normally ignore ..
See above
This is the best browser I have seen on android and update just made it better
By far the best android browser available !
Goox
Goox
Osm1
Best browser surf like in your computer
Best.......i hav downloded 300mb......continously 6hrs of downloading.	Awesome........
Gr8 app
Gr8 app
Gr8 app
Gr8 app
Well.. it does.
Best downloadable browser available.
This browser is the fastest i have tried
I've tried several browsers on my Nexus 7 tablet and like this one the best. It just does everything well, no problems at all.
Faster than stock browser
Best browser for android hands down  If you don't have a good experience with the browser then maybe you need a better phone -_-  Boost mobile Samsung transform ultra
Best Mobile Browser I have ever used, Definitely 5 Stars
The perfect browser. Handles voice search amazingly, its fast in has a simpy UI.
Dolphin is one of the best growers out there, it puts opera to shame with even breaking a sweat.
Good so far, looks and feels like if I were using google chrome
Really fast. Love the swipe for bookmarks feature.
Good
Super fast and easy to use!
I like the sonar very much. I think it's the future of browsing and searching.
Its pretty good!!
Allows you to use the browser in desktop mode which enables us to access the actual site rather than the mobile version of the site..though the UI is Bit cluttered. App is stable on my motorola defy+
excellent browser! really fast!
Thml
Good
Is good
I love the speed of it!
Crazy awesome! A must have for all. And my cousin thought her i phone was cool cause she can tell it what to do.
awesome with green lines :)
Superb
Superb
Excellent voice recognition feature
Dolphin
Chrome has been crashing a lot lately   made the switch
Smoothest browser I've used on android.
Good
Smooth browser.good ui.
Smooth browser.good ui.
Great browser looks awesome! Hands down still the best!!!
How do i clear search history from a specific website ie kickass torrents or thepiratebay?
Love it
Fast n good browser
really nice
Smooth,quick,feature laden& free..getting better with every update..what else do u want from an app Please add some button for direct access to feature n sonar like it was in d  earlier version
superb...
Just loaded it. Thought you should know :-D
Simple and fun to use browser
Nice
Site not working... Try thus browser
Almost perfect.
Almost perfect.
Pages load faster & much user friendly compared to other browser's. Thanks for Dolphin team members !
Its very good
AMAZING
AMAZING
Awsome, fast and great clarity on my atrix HD
Very fast
Gajab h bhaya
Awesome
Absolutely fast and functional. Best android browser by far.
Need to improve
Fastest browser for a phone.
Love on my LG optimus x4 hd
Very good internet browser i recommend it
What a convenience brower =] make my phone become much user friendly ❣ love this❣
What a convenience brower =] make my phone become much user friendly ❣ love this❣
Have tried many different browsers, but dolphin browser is definitely the most convenient for me.
Its great
Love it :)
It's quick and it works well.
It's quick and it works well.
I wont ever go back to my old browser. Best one for droids out there.
Dolphin has come a long way. Best browser by far.
This browser is excellent! It's fast and neat... A lot of settings to customize. Works great on my low-end phone where both Firefox and Chrome didn't work, the first requires 512 MB+ RAM and the later requires ICS+. This doesn't require anything special. 5 Stars!
Best browser for android
Excellent browser.
Works extremely well.
So much in a compact browser much better than the standard system
Nice nice one app u shud have..
Exelent
Works great! I use it on all my devices. Love that it can share bookmarks.
I had
Best browser hands down
Nice browser fast and easy to use.
Good
Great app...
I have only used it once, but it loaded content very fast. Still trying it out, though.
I have only used it once, but it loaded content very fast. Still trying it out, though.
I found out about this browser through a news article on top mobile browsers and I have used it since. I cannot critique the Sonar feature as I have not used it much. But my advice on voice recognition programs for Android it try a bunch out. From the critiques, the problems people have with them are brand/model specific.
Awesome flash support
Quality display and speedy internet access. So great!
Quality display and speedy internet access. So great!
Good
Great browser!
Nice stuff
Really enjoyed it.
Superb browser...worth downloading...better then others.
Free.. Easy.. Simple.. :)
Keeps improving as it has for the last couple of years and the beta engine update makes it stupid fast.
Perfect browser
I like the program!
Very light
A very good web browser. Do give it a try if you wanna better your surfing experience..
Supper fast.
Very good.  You should try it, to prove it. User friendly. Must have.
The swipe gesturing is great very impressed! I was using opera but am gonna have to uninstall that now..  Edit: this is now my default browser... Goodbye opera
Osjeca se stabilan i dobar.
Much faster than chrome.
Fantastic Browser
works perfectly awsom on my micromax funbook pro tablet
The only thing I give it over chrome is that it supports flash
The only thing I give it over chrome is that it supports flash
Awesome
Best browser
Excellent.!!!!!!!
Real great. Makes browsing a breeze.
One of the better browsers out there
Love this,esp w add ons!
Its good but not too fast
This is fast . Excellent app
A truly great browser
cool
Really cool and easy to navigate! Much better than original browser.
Most reliable browser I've used for android - thanks Dolphin dudes.
It works fine on my phone and has easy to use features.
Simply the best browser for Android.
very good
Very,very good update :). Seemed to improve the browser's speed and stability. Before this update I felt Oprea was faster but now it seems Dolphin is winning.
Very,very good update :). Seemed to improve the browser's speed and stability. Before this update I felt Oprea was faster but now it seems Dolphin is winning.
Very,very good update :). Seemed to improve the browser's speed and stability. Before this update I felt Oprea was faster but now it seems Dolphin is winning.
Good browser
Good browser
Only got dolphin yesterday and can't believe how much faster my browsing has  become. Love it.
Nice browser, you should try it
Great app
What an excellent browser............
Nyc
Makes great use of space to streamline browsing while still providing unrivaled utility and ready availability of menu/Internet options.
Speed is amazing faster than pc and tabs so useful. Haven't learnt all yet
Speed is amazing faster than pc and tabs so useful. Haven't learnt all yet
Love it so far. Just downloaded today. Impressed so far!
Awsomeness Very good browser no problems so far.
A must have browser..
Great app, my favorite browser<3
The best browser I've used. Excels above the rest by far. Thank you.
It is the best free browser for android devices.
So freaking cool
Awesome. Love it. Best browser available. 5+stars
Awesome. Love it. Best browser available. 5+stars
Got that desktop feel...n love that I can take the pop up blocker off when I need to....the best so far....
The speed and responsiveness over the stock browser is most impressive.  The multiple add - ons make it even better and allows it be personalized to my needs.
Thanks!
Super features
I found it very useful
Awesome
Great;-)
The best
The best
Make it fasterrrrrrrr even tho its pretty fast already :D
Very fast browser! Excellent!
Easy to use
Best android browser
Top browser
Its the most amazing browser I ever used, light, simple, stable, it deserves five stars
It's just perfect
It's just perfect
It's just perfect
A must have app. Five stars no doubt
Never again will I install opera.
No comment
Awesome purely!
Is a good browser but the flash suport sucks
This very better than all
This very better than all
This very better than all
thanks
thanks
5 stars:)
Best browser for Android!
Nice browser.
Nice browser.
Excellent
Very good app! Thanks
The best
the best
Works fast , graphics are very good . 5 stars
It's quick and easy to browse the web. And you can view .GIFs too.
Neat and fast... And it actually listens.
its simply gud browser..
Works great for me
I've tried all on google play and this is by far the best!
Love it
Dolphin is so much better than the stock android browser and it ticks all of the boxes!      Sonar & Gesture control make it so easy to use.  Install it you won't regret it...
Easy to use
Simply superb
Best browser They Should Make Dolphin Pre-installed lets Me Do Anything Easy Tab Switching High Definition Love It
Great.
Awesome
Good
Excellent browser. Been having some issues lately with the browser randomly closing & wiping out my tabs. Beyond that, though, it's better than the stock browser.
It works great on my device. I'm using Vandroid 2.2 T1C. My browser won't open any websites and always force close when I opened a page. I downloaded Opera mini browser but it's hard to use! Dolphin Browser is very useful!
Runs so smooth. I love the tabs for more than one page of browsing
Good app
Absolutely flawless.
Fox this
Fox this
Works great ..guys if you can devolop the same for pc version it would be a hit....
I love it
Its pretty fast.
Very nice
Great! Fastest browser so far.
this app is dope
this app is dope
Does all you'd want a browser to do and is more stable than Chrome.
love love love it
This is what I was missing.
Try it.
Swag
I recommend this over stock browser any day
I recommend this over stock browser any day
I recommend this over stock browser any day
Ran meh on a Droid but runs/zooms AMAZINGLY smooth on Rezound!
Excelent browser
Its awsome
Works great on Droid 4. By far better than the stock browser. Thanks
New ideas.
Dolphin is faster than any other Mobil Browser
I browse fast with it
Been using dolphin browsers for couple yrs ...great browser
Best browser for android.
It still does a quick flash as it loads a page. Links appear dead until i zoom in. Now its automatically logs me out of sites i said to.keep logged in. POS!!!!
This is so kewl !! Nice and fast. Sonar is awsome its like a half breed of siri LOL. Jst wish sonar had a voice preferably a woman's voice !!
Its really nice browser... I like it.
Best......
I love this browser its 2 Gus 2 thumbs up!
can not read arabian alfabit
مع الفيس بوك بطيئ
Love it
Very fast and intuitive. Works great on my ASUS TF300 tablet and DROID RAZR MAXX phone.
Very fast and intuitive. Works great on my ASUS TF300 tablet and DROID RAZR MAXX phone.
Very fast and easy to use browser.. Love it...!
Roll it
Great browser and very user friendly but not annoyingly so.q
Fast browsing.interface could be a bit more simpler
Does the job relativity well would recommend it
What else is there to say?
Superb Exellent
Nice background n its looks cool... Um fast browsng....
Nice background n its looks cool... Um fast browsng....
Way way way better than the default browser.
Nice browser... loving it
one of the best mobile browser that i have use it,
좋아좋아요
Top
fast loading! no crashes! helpful add-ons,!
ใช้งานง่ายดีครับ
Very smooth n fast browser.
Very smooth n fast browser.
Love it
Love it
Newbies..
nice apps
It is very good and efficiwnt web browser i have ever encountered and experience its fluidity...thanks....for your  good work...
A great browser that is miles ahead of the default. Also way better than Firefox mobile. I'm waiting for chrome, but until then dolphin is the way to go.
A great browser that is miles ahead of the default. Also way better than Firefox mobile. I'm waiting for chrome, but until then dolphin is the way to go.
The only browser I will use on android fast simple and reliable
The only browser I will use on android fast simple and reliable
Awesome!!!
I em a new user and this is simple and fun...and man is this fast!!
Absolutely love the gestures
One of the nicest and easiest to use I have seen in a while.
Best browser out there
Great app!!
I love dolphin, just wish it had a widget!
Great alternative browser.
Awsome
I like it
I like it
To save battery om amoled display. Thanks.
The amount of customization that can be done is unparalleled , much better than all browsers I've tried.. Samsung S2 Epic Touch
Easy to use,  simple, nice, didn't expect so much from it, but it managed to surprise me.
Great browser!
No complaints...except when it comes to selecting text and copy and paste...i feel there should be an easier option for it.
smooth and quick
I've been using Dolphin for a while now and absolutely love it. Hands down the easiest browser to use.
Faster than default browser
What else to say but this browser awesome and fast!
Awesome app.
Best I've seen for Android.
Best I've seen for Android.
Best browser I've used on a phone!! Love tabbed browsing
This browser is really special
Really feels like a computer browser, like firefox and chrome. Love it
Hong
Beautiful browser
Cool app
Enjoying it so far. No problems.
It's a great browser with a lot of options
This dolphin is great
This dolphin is great
Best browser on market
I can do almost anything with this app very easy to navigate
Love it...fastest I've found 4 playn Tyiteds' Vamp. Rising
Tabs are the shiz
best browser I've used.
Excellent replacement for the stock browser.
This browser is awesome
Runs fine on all my devices from 1st Gen to current.
Runs fine on all my devices from 1st Gen to current.
Last update got rid of th option to one-tap my screen so all the text enlarged and yet remained visible on my entire screen. Sadlu disappointed to see this go. Sometimes too many updates can ruin and otherwise great product.
This is the best browser on the market
Blah. I know android dropped support for flash in 4.1, but it worked fine in dolphin until they updated it to remove support.
*****
Lets u browse the internet with flash without the internet telling you to use a mobile version.
Best browser for Android
great browser..thanks
Best browser out there!
Tried a few browsers but this is the one I keep coming back to with its brilliant bookmarks feature (slide side of screen) and something other browsers on mobiles don't add for some strange reason.... A home button.  Brilliant
I use Dolphin browser on my SG II & my Asus Tab. It's the best browser so far.
Great stuff
Great stuff
I can now play my online game with a clear screen and less crashing. Thank you.
One of the best web browser's on the market.
One of the best web browser's on the market.
Awesome browser!! Love it on my Droid4
Between Chrome, Firefox and Dolphin, Dolphin is my favorite browser.  The only things I wish were different are the discontinued Flash support, and the fact that I can't select sections of my text in a text-area.  (However, this is still better than Firefox, where the text cursor doesn't appear at all.) I'd also like to have user-inputted text in a large text-area wrap to the screen like other text. I love the way that this browser remembers text when you accidentally navigate away from the page.
The best browser and the fastest I've ever used brilliant
Ok
Best browser period hands down.
Amazingly fast and simple to use. Great browser
Title says it all folks! Get it now.
Better than stock, chrome and Firefox.
Better than stock, chrome and Firefox.
It's for real.
Best by far overall browser that I have seen this far!!!
Its good so far
The best browser I have used on a phone or tablet
Excellent, Best android browser
so far so good
Really amazing work !!
Really amazing work !!
Awesome.
ممتاز
I love the privacy setting features.
The Fastest That I Tried
Too hot
So far the best browser ive seen for the S3. User agent setting enables.you to view streams in full HD at sites that otherwise redirect you to low res versions of their content.  Also the dolfin feature and sonar are amazing. Full marks from me.
Love dolphin. Especially the gestures feature. Love the fact that I can browse like i'm in a computer. Congrats to all who make it.
Real good
Real good
Allows me to browse websites on my gnex as if I was on my laptop.
Allows me to browse websites on my gnex as if I was on my laptop.
Very smooth easy 2 use luv it...
Just perfect
Awesome,I love this app
Faster than regular Android browser
Beast app he facebook ke liyai Good job
This was once a good and maybe even the best browse but after the update it crashes 90% of the time. It is now worthless.
Fastest and easiest mobile browser on the market. Better than opera and skyfire. Looks like Google chrome.
Fastest and easiest mobile browser on the market. Better than opera and skyfire. Looks like Google chrome.
Very good
Tabs. I'm happy. :3
Exactly as I said
I like it
Fast, easy and convenient
This solved all the problems i was having with the default browser. Being able to put the browser on desktop mode is an added bonus.
Simple the best browser.
Definitely better than the native browser on android. Comparable in quality to Google Chrome browser.
1 of the best browser to come across
Love it
Always use this (: very fast
Very nice browser ! i love it, specially the gesture feature makes it so useful n attractive.
Mind blowing speed. Excellant UI.
Lots of features.. i like it..
Great browser.
Chyeaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
Chyeaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
Fast and reliable
The best
The best
Johar ntr
Awesome
Best browser in the market
Great n fast.
Great browser .. i hope to find plugin for downloading video in the future
Really good browser that registers well for mobile device users. It allows websites to identify properly the device used in order to provide the most convenient browsing experience.
It,s very very good
It does what it says
Oh my God! The first android browser ever having an exit option! I really hate pressing home key and worrying about what happens to the browser after I decide to go somewhere else! :D
Its a great browser works a lot faster with fewer hangs ghan the stock browser that comes with android, works as advertised.
Easiest way to browse through my galaxy
Stock browser gave me a headache... get Dolphin. Hurry, go download it! It will change your life!_
Best browser mobile
I love this browser, its quick and responsive
Great app
Cool rock
Good job
I love dolphin, it's a really cool browser and is now my default on my tablet
Excellent browser best yar
So incredible! It made my phone infinitely faster, I'll never use another browser again
Very good and easy to use.
Does what it says on the tin.
Great app. Free  text any where
Great app. Free  text any where
जबरदस्त आहे
Better than google chrome..
Just started using this browser, so far it does the one thing, i wanted done asap, clear cashe and history. There it is.
Well it worked great for the longest time but it seems with every update it just started crashing more and more. Very annoying having to reload the browser and go back to what I was doing.
Great voice command
Nice
Happy happy   with this browser working well have all the fiture you.need
The best is my primary browser
The best is my primary browser
like this browser...thumbup
So far zo good no  complaints allows you delete cookies on exit without add ons
So far zo good no  complaints allows you delete cookies on exit without add ons
Very good
Better than any of the defaults. A must have!
Best !!!!! Liked it soo much!!!
Better than best
Great app for android
I like the user interface so far. Great job!
I've been using this app for a long time and I can say it's killing..
Used to work great running in desktop mode. Now, even when the user agent is set to desktop, the mobile view is still displayed. The best part about dolphin doesn't work anymore.
Works nice
Soo cute
A better update
Very fluid. Fast too. Thumbs up! Please include back and forward buttons.
Nothing comes close to this browser. Clean, fast, intuitive with a  great looking interface combined with a support team that is second to none. I've tried the rest, and I'll stick with the best. Great work. Using on Galaxy s2 and Nexus 7.
The best browser for android!!
Quick & fast. Love it.
Quick & fast. Love it.
Αψογο προς το παρον απο καθε αποψη. Δεν ξερω αν τελικα βγει φολα...
Love it best phone browser ever !!! Have recommended to all my friends.
The BEST Android browser available. I wouldn't use anything else. Thanks
I love it, very fast.
I love it, very fast.
Nice job!!!
Works vrry well on my d4 ics..  worked good on my d1 froyo
Fastet than my built in browser
its just excellent
I LIKE THE PERFORMENCE OF THE BROWSER I AM HAPPY,THUMPS UP TO U.
I LIKE THE PERFORMENCE OF THE BROWSER I AM HAPPY,THUMPS UP TO U.
Its Really good n more better then firefox n opera great browser........ I give 5 stars....
just found the best browser app.....
I like this browser .
I like this browser .
I have been searching and testing various browsers but this is the best in terms of speed and usability. Speed is awesome.
Very good
Its great!
The browser is fast and fun to use, no glitches so far. Love it
Galaxy tab
This is really user friendly.
The best browser for mobile
The best browser for mobile
nice convert to PDF add on
Best
Best
Good n fast effective.  I liked it
Best app
Dolphin Explorer works really well on my Samsung Galaxy Ace with the Ice cream sandwich launcher. Five Star!
After troubles with Chrome, this just plain works. Great product!
Good then other!
Used this before, and compared to other browsers it stands out for speed, well done.
Works as advertised.
Works as advertised.
Fast browsing, good looking
I love it
Running Atrix 4G. Keep up the great work!
Works great
Had Firefox Mozzilla but this runs circles around it. Very friendly and reliable. Rare force closes have been experienced but not an issue for me as they have been far and few in-between. Highly recommended.
I like it
Smooth fast
Great Browser. On chrome I have a problem with the keyboard but dolphin browser was always great from the start.
Best browser going and i've tried them all.  Also first with new ideas and add-ons.  I'm sticking with this for good.
Best browser going and i've tried them all.  Also first with new ideas and add-ons.  I'm sticking with this for good.
Ty
New to Android but like this browser.  Its fast and stable. Try it out.
Gud
This is by far my best experience with a browser -hands down-!  Super fast navigation of web with tabbing and the new "sonar" feature is soo convenient and a fresh take on voice command in the browsing world.  Sets the standard in my humble opinion.  5/5 stars easily.
Love it.  Easy to use.
Best ever software faster
Fast and stable on my android phone and Nexus 7. Thanks guys...
Fast and stable on my android phone and Nexus 7. Thanks guys...
Fast and stable on my android phone and Nexus 7. Thanks guys...
Kool app.
Works better than any of the other browser apps I've used and I hope it stays that way
Worth 5stars......!!
I like very much this excellent browser.
Good stuff
Thanks for such a great functional browser with easy zoom to the content area. Lots of functionality and not hard to figure out.
No matter what phone I update to dolphin browser is always one of the first apps I download.  Simply terrific
Still the best mobile browser.
You don't need Siri, when you have this browser :)
I've been using opera for yeaes now ... But dolphin browser is much better .. I really wasted too much time
I've been using opera for yeaes now ... But dolphin browser is much better .. I really wasted too much time
No comment
Been using this app for ages now, just keeps getting better and better, GS3
Great browsing
Best browser goin
Says it all love it thank you.
Fine for me
Dolpin is great
Much better than stock browser or opera mini.
My favourite browser :d
Easy
I used to like this browser, but the latest update causes a lot of screen lock ups and sometimes when using the URL bar to search, the whole program just implodes and closes itself. Please fit these issues.
Good
Great
Like this
Very good app and runs very smoothly on my galaxy ace...
Eazy to setup and does what i want.
Most if all I like the User Agent switch option.
Tab 7.0, no problem, gives browsing experience exactly like when using pc. Good job!
Its really easy and simple, honestly loads better than the original android browser-or any other replacement for that matter
awesome
Awesome browser
Running very fast !
very nicee
fast short perfect
fast short perfect
The best browser for samsung galaxy tab p1000 with a tonne of features you will never exhaust.
Nyc....!
beautiful browzer i love it
I love it! Everything us easy to use & find. Not sure what's going on with the video quality at the moment, the sound plays on the videos as normal but the video itself appears in slow motion. Maybe just my phone (Samsung Mesmerize). I wish the Dolphin video player would play in place of the video player when watching any videos because it works great.
Great thank you
Best browser on the market.
Bookmark,  And all features are good
Really fast browser!
Good gud..  Very good working....
It is best browser for any android mobile . Too fast then other browser .
It is best browser for any android mobile . Too fast then other browser .
Works great, and all the features are amazing
Better than the default browser for sure.
It's like a better chrome with even more features
Faster than ics 4.0.4 built in browser on my razr. Meeeeean
Excellent
Excellent choice to replace stock browser!
Just awesome
Best Android browser
rak oN dudE . ,nice apPS
Awesome browser....especially SONAR IS AMAZING....
I used some of browsers and find that dolphin is the best among them. Only 2 things: 1) when I add bookmark shortcut to home screen I want to see the icon relevant to webpage, not the default dolphin-bookmark icon. 2) I want to use gesture but it's icon on left or right side block me from clicking any link behind it.
Quick and simple to use. No crashes compared to the other browsers I have used.
Quick and simple to use. No crashes compared to the other browsers I have used.
I love this app!
Use it wayyy more than the default web
Huge improvement over OEM Android browser. Much faster, more intuitive, more flexible, just plain better. Install it and never look back. Nuff' said.
Nice browser and best among the apps ive used
Runs well on China's Android..... lol.
Fantastic, HTC wildfire s
Good job
Good job
Great software application.
The best browser ever
The best browser ever
Awesome
I love this browser. I only wish it was available on my Logitech Revue.
Feel the rush!!!!! Ohhhh maaaa balls
Classy
I was really impressed by the speed&ease of use....much better than my default browser. Keep up the great work!!!
I was really impressed by the speed&ease of use....much better than my default browser. Keep up the great work!!!
I was really impressed by the speed&ease of use....much better than my default browser. Keep up the great work!!!
No complaints yet.... love it
No complaints yet.... love it
good
Especially love the tabs which were removed from chrome browser
Especially love the tabs which were removed from chrome browser
Excellent app!
Makes surfing the web much easier and fun. Feels fast and I feel like I'm in a lot more control. Thankyou for this app. I will forever love it. :') !!!!!! Please try it out, you'll thank me later..... I love dolphin browser!!!!
Really superb app.
Really superb app.
There hasn't been any website and i do mean any that I hadn't been able to watch videos.........and as for features, you can't beat what this app has to offer......keep up the good work!!!!!!!!!!!!
Very very fast good so far.
loving it! :-)
Always use this browse, never really lets me down.
Used Dolphin on my HTC HD2 and now on my new Nexus. Great browser  for Androids of all guises and well worth downloading!  I've yet to fully explore all the features...
Good browser. Very fast and easy to operate.
good
The best browser for Android.  Period.
Great!
Simply the best browser around. Constantly improving.
This here dolphin is awsome.  Quatum improvement over native browser!  Difficult to speak too highly iLife it.
May all around be the best browser; its fast.
Excellent than ever. Thanks development team for your effort
Excellent than ever. Thanks development team for your effort
Ngon
Much better than default browser
Does what Chrome can't.
Dope.
It just does all I need it to do and so much more.
Nice software
The beset browsing experience i have been goin through.....
Awsome much better than my regular browser,
Superb browser.. Stopped using other browsers after using this :-)
Gud
Faster..i need the fastiest for my samsung galaxy s1...
Best browser for android
I just love it. What can't you do.
Bagussss
It works with almost every website i throw at it and the simulating as a desktop is a must have feature
Best browser for ever...
This is the best browser!!!
Great
Great app! Been using it for a year seldomly have problems. Galaxy S
Awesome browser. Couldn't ask for more.
Really easy to use
i luv it! So fast
i luv it! So fast
i luv it! So fast
i luv it! So fast
i luv it! So fast
Its like an internet siri. So amazing and fast and just like a real.computer¡!!!!!!   MUST HAVE THIS APP!!!!!
I'm stone.
Allow us to disable the add on panel from opening every time i swipe left...it is the most annoying thing I've seen on a browser!!  It's under LAB settings...good god...
This app surely is promising.
Hope they add that feauture
Hope they add that feauture
Faster than opera, especially in watching video clip. Thanks a lot.
its really good one than other browsers
Far better than any of the default browsers. The best execution of tab browsing I've seen.
Galaxy S2 LTE
Fast &productive :D
Nice browser for android..
Nice browser for android..
Works really good
Nice
Luv it
Luv it
Great.  Way better than stock browser
It's great. Love all the add ons as they're very handy. Gesture feature is great, altho a little slow, at least on my Streak gingerbread phone. Thx for your hard work!
GOOD BROWSER AND GIVE A USER NEEDED
Good
Good
Htc rezound! Sweet app!
Great browser!
Great
Awesome browser ever forever. Love it.
Love it so far
Nice browser simply superb
Great browser
I love the.browser!
Smooth app with great features
Best thing going so far; Love it!
Great
I'll always use this browser
Taking full advantage of Android this one ago is surely like by all  - dinesh panchal
Even though i don't use the fancy voice or gesture features it's very stable and most of all fast and responsive
Way better than the default.
So far no complaints
Great browser i ever try
Excellent design
like it
Great browser!
Working well.
Nice one:-)
Nice one:-)
Love it!
So far it is the best browser
Fast, innovative, cool. Has made browsing a pleasure!
Best browser
The gesture shortcut feature is awesome!
5 star 5 star 5 star all day
Nice work developers! This browser made my browsing an ease.. Love it!
Nice work developers! This browser made my browsing an ease.. Love it!
great browser.. perfect for android..
great browser.. perfect for android..
great browser.. perfect for android..
Funciona bem
Good and fast enough.
It good for me
amazing
muy bueno
Once I figured out how to shut off the dolphin in the corner, as well as the shake-to-activate, I have no complaints whatsoever. Very nice work!
Once I figured out how to shut off the dolphin in the corner, as well as the shake-to-activate, I have no complaints whatsoever. Very nice work!
I think that now that adobe doesn't  want to give more support  for flash player you should fix that problem, this is a nice web browser with a very dynamic interface but now that I have a galaxy s3 I'd like to play videos that need flash player plug in!!! but in general it's  a great app....
Superfast and cool features too. Install it!!!!
Superfast and cool features too. Install it!!!!
This is an amazing internet browser. Super fast and I love the setup.
This is an amazing internet browser. Super fast and I love the setup.
Like is said In title... droid 3... great etc ;}~
So easy like on pc
I wish I had more thumbs so I could give this 3 thumbs up.
Great product. Love it.
Hands down the best browser for my Galaxy SII
This is so easy to use.  Love it and all the enhancements.  great functionality.  A great asset to the android community.
Very good browser! I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a fast browser.
Best browser I have used on android, very fast yet fully featured.
Love the browser
Very fast better then default browser
The interface is great and the scrolling is very smooth its a must!
Better than chrome. Chrome needs more work. This is a finished product.
No other browser comes close.
Best browser app ever!
Get Dolphin beta!
The fastest browset out there
Haven't seen better
It works quick and allows greater access to non-mobile web sites than the default android browser
I love this thing
Best browser available for free
Better UI than firefox or miren(which I loved). Also less buggy. HTC incredible
i love it because it is urdu supported browser and others  is not.
If it is Android, the browser has to be Dolphin. No second thoughts.
Light, fast and user friendly.   Who could ask for more?
I love using Google Chrome on my laptop, and I use the mobile version on my tablet, but because I can't get it on my out dated phone, I had to look for an alternative. I came across this and decided to give it a go and found that it's just as great to use as Chrome for desktop with all of the unique add ons and such
I love this browser! I especially like that they have kept everything ala carte with add ons so you don't end up with bloated software that you don't even want or use 3/4 of. Well done dolphin developers!
best app out
Awesome app. Super fast and very handy.
Easy to use
Way better than the slow hunk installed by the provider.
Way better than the slow hunk installed by the provider.
Way better than the slow hunk installed by the provider.
Ultimate browser...
Currently the best mobile browser that I have used.
Currently the best mobile browser that I have used.
The best I have used so far.
Love it! The only browser I use.
Ideal choice, it works so you don't have to
Meets my needs perfectly
Love this browser but the latest update is extremely unstable and force closes immediately after opening rendering it unusable.
Why I don't know this best browser exist before...
The best there is.
The best there is.
Nice job
Very good and owsommmm Best web browser in market
Liked it
I love this browser it has never failed me
Best browser ever
Best browser of this decade..
Wow! Love the user agent toggle!
Nice and fast, clean and minimalist. Just the right browser for my Galaxy Tab 7+.
Great app
Feels much more slick than my default browser, I highly recommend it :-)
Feels much more slick than my default browser, I highly recommend it :-)
I dont always use it, but had it for over a year now. Works perfectly on every device I have ever had it on. Useful features. 5/5 *****
I dont always use it, but had it for over a year now. Works perfectly on every device I have ever had it on. Useful features. 5/5 *****
Much better than the stock browser on my galaxy s 2.  Very smooth, and fast.
Thanx!
Love the tabbed browsing (which you'd think would be standard now) and how the tabs disappear until you need to see them.  Very easy to use with plenty of features.  Droid 4
Love the tabbed browsing (which you'd think would be standard now) and how the tabs disappear until you need to see them.  Very easy to use with plenty of features.  Droid 4
Dolphin Browser is as smart as a Dolphin! Maybe more so!
Great
The end
Perfection
.......loads quickly and doesn't crash on my Xoom like the stock browser. Intuitively laid out. Does exactly what it should do.
So far so gud!!
I've only had this browser for a day and already replaced my browsers on every mobile device I own. Fast, secure and clear to use with some useful addons. Great stuff dolphin!
A+
very nice but little slower than ibrowser and uc browser
Great browser..I love the easy gesture search and multiple tabs...
Fast and easy to use
With a great change
Absolutely love it. A must have for anybody with a smartphone.
Best app for andriod.... yes
faster then fastest
Can not complain scout anything
One of my favorite web browsers
See a big difference from when I first used way back when. It's the only browser I use on my Droids now.
The best of all
The best of all
Its an awesome browser
Fantastic, functions similar to google chrome- but with a few extra flashy add-ons
I like it just as much as chrome.
Crashes almost every time when full screen flash video is played on CM9. Please fix it.
Best browser for android user
Have not seen better on Android
Kutto vali app hain kabhi mak download karna pagal ho jaoge.
Its realy a great app so far i hv used it n enjoy every bit of it its cool n easy way to browse.
IMHO, the best...period.
The best!!!!
Okay
suprb! hv bn usn it fr a lng tym...wrks prfctly...smooth & so usr frndly....Keep it up Guys!!
So much better than original browser
So much better than original browser
I have no negative comments about Dolphin. It does everything I ask it to do. Runs great on a Nexus 7.
The recent update:  -bookmarks are gone. -i could hardly type anything! every time I tap the screen, it shows this thingy 'copy,paste,more'. No matter how soft i tap the screen, this thingy shows up! arghhh ahdhssjsjdndjd fix it a.s.a.p please! Great browser btw xD
Nice yaar!
Must downloadable app for android devices.
Best
Awesome app. Im going to make it my default browser
Good and fast, good add-ons. Says it all.
Nice browser
Superrrrrrrr
/rant on  Flash is installed and working on all my JB devices, and the default browser plays flash just fine.  Sure, chrome doesn't support flash, but I have a choice, and that used to be Dolphin.  Now I honestly don't see a reason to even use Dolphin anymore.  For sites that I don't care if flash is supported, I'll use chrome exclusively.  Chrome has native features that I want for my personalized Google experience that Dolphin can't provide.  The fact that you deliberately grayed out the option to enable flash based off the OS version, and said it was to deliver the best experience possible is what sets me off.  ICS devices can use their flash on Dolphin just fine, but not JB.  Just wait until more devices come with JB.  The best experience is to not use Dolphin, just use the stock browser.  /rant off
Wow its good
In earlier verisons, I was able to scroll through searches in the address bar but in this build I am not able to. Please fix for a better experience.
Great browser, makes the browser that comes with your phone seem useless.
AWESOME
I can't type to reply my friend while using Facebook message function via this browser. Please fix
I enjoy using this browser very much
Very user friendly intuitive browser, HTC desire s
Me grimlock not usually like dolphins but me grimlock love this dolphin. Snarl uses to watch fembots transform.
Great browser, highly recommend.
More faster than the other apps
Played around with all of them. This is the best for android by far. Great experience.
Desktop on phone.
Great
Great browser. Just love all the functionality. Keep up the good work.
Merge foarte bine nota 10
It's just like being on your computer at home with your desktop with all the options and all the bells and whistles it loads great, most excellent... Droid X2
Can't be bothered to righted a review cus I'm baked but its great 5 stars.     :)
A fast and powerful, fun, easy to browser with gesture use. Try it
Awesome
I tried every browser on the market, but this is the best one!
It's one thing to make a functional yet elegant browser,  but it's above and beyond to also respond to a customers issue and solve issues in a timely and professional manner.  Well done dolphin team!
great it's fast
great it's fast
great it's fast
Worth getting. very easy to get around many different options. Perfect for phone/ipad.
Well done
I hate this browser
Some
It is the best browser I ever used. It gives better browsing experiance with dolphin sonar.keep it up...
Nice for my mobile in all andriod mobiles only one browser is waste that is UC BROWSER. Dolfin is best of all browser as an stylish and smooth browser. Add me on facebook to    krrajeev.yadav
Nice for my mobile in all andriod mobiles only one browser is waste that is UC BROWSER. Dolfin is best of all browser as an stylish and smooth browser. Add me on facebook to    krrajeev.yadav
Im totally hooked on Dolphin it incredable I LOVE IT !!!
Amazing
I love the speed, functionality, and how clean this browser is. One thing that would make Dolphin even better is if you added a springpad clipper (like evernote does).
I like it
The best
The best
better than opera mini for sure .... v esay to use. thumbs up
Good
Gr8 stuff
A browser with all you need.... It will surprise you always.
simply the best browser I've ever use on HTC one X
Fast, good look and feel, nice functions, awsome design !
The best browser that ever i have been used
The best browser for android I've tried.
Good browser with annoying pop ups. Still. It runs flash. So that is enough to give it 5 stars.
super fast browser  I like it .... <3
Awesome
Chrome browser is good, but a tad laggy. Dolphin works very well in my nexus 7. Smooth and fast.
Nice
great features fast and simple to use. love it
Better than my default for sure and because its not real, I don't have to worry about this dolphin trying to tangle me up with its prehensile man parts and attempting to forcibly fornicate with me!
This a must have. I can't believe it's better than Chrome, but it is!
This a must have. I can't believe it's better than Chrome, but it is!
This ia by far the most versatile browser with many options for add ons which allow u to do anything imaginable
This ia by far the most versatile browser with many options for add ons which allow u to do anything imaginable
This ia by far the most versatile browser with many options for add ons which allow u to do anything imaginable
Nice App :)
Dis is d best browser for android. It is not slow like chrome. Dis d best 1 man
I like it this browser.
Nice software.
Nice software.
I love how quickly I can navigate with gesture. Dolphin rocks!
Excellent!!
This browser is definitely better than stock. It is super fast!
Thanks.it great
Thanks.it great
This app is so cool I tried downloading it for my computer not knowing it's just for phones.
I really enjoy dolphin and all of their fun add-ons/features. I just love it!
For mobile the browser looks different and new featured. Really love it.
A must have. Fast. Reliable. User friendly.
No comment :-)
Unbelievable
This is a excellent browser this work very fast
I always loved ten sleek design of the browser and it works peerrrfect with this phone.. Moto Photon
I like to try just about every browser that is released and realistically they are basically the same concept and get a 4 or 3.5. Dolphin has been the best from jump in my opinion it is because of providing real features users have on a PC from dolphin's inception some browsers made attempts to be innovative but overplayed the hand and made ever task a carnival in tedium.
Nice
After the last update or two it is difficult to clear the search bar.  I know you are supposed to click a blank spot in the search bar but when its in portrait mode its almost impossible to hit the right spot.  Instead it just re-searches whatever was already in the search bar.  Very annoying.
Finally i got a fast browser
Superb browser!
Fast reliable and classy
This browser has a very good voice control, is very fast, and tabs implemented very well into a great design
This browser has a very good voice control, is very fast, and tabs implemented very well into a great design
Awsome
the swipe actions are great and the browser is awesome as well. \m/
Great customization and search tool.
Easy to use
Easy to use
Thanks
Very good
This great browser needs to be made part of the DreamLinux operating system.
its really fast
its really fast
Fast Web speed
Very fast browser
What can i say? It's the best browser for mobile.
Nice:-)
Awsome...i love it!:*
Way better than the stock browser. I also use the mini version in my droid. Good job.
Way better than the stock browser. I also use the mini version in my droid. Good job.
lightweight, fast and customisable. this by far is the best browser Android has. nuff said.
friendly user
Had before.thought,there was better.oops,thanks It's a keeper.
Quick and responsive
Suprb. .: use and feeel it
Please release dolphine engine beta for android 2.2 . I like dolphine browser very much please.....
Please release dolphine engine beta for android 2.2 . I like dolphine browser very much please.....
Brilliant!
cool....
100 times better than just plain ole Google.
Best browser for mobile!!!!!
Best browser for mobile!!!!!
Awesome faadu browser
its really good for browsing
My only complaint is with gestures, which is hit or miss for me. Ymmv.
A cool fast browser, i find quicker than chrome....
I like this browser very much
amazing..
Clean, sharp, and looks good.
I like dolphin more than chrome and it's great on my nexus 7. Gestures and general ease of use are great. Highly recommended
Great add ins and elegant for Facebook and twitter. And of course the webzines.
Loads fast even in 3g
Loads fast even in 3g
Its very fast and fun really:-)
The only browser I use
I have a Resound with ICS. This is what happens when one concentrates on doing one thing well! Better than Chrome. Get the new beta, it's even better.
Tried many different ones.. always come back to dolphin!
So much better than the stock browser.
Really fast, speed dial feature is great
Best browser ever!
Sweet browser!
Using samsung gtab7+ is pain in the, dolphin browser is the opposite. Keep up the good work! Update when ready, don't do hurry updates which leads to bad review. I'll give you guys 5stars for this excellent job, for now.
Good
So far a good browser better than the native app. For galaxy s3
less like a mobile browser, feels like a full sized one
Excellent app.......help u to download or surf d net by making full use of ur net at much fastr speed then others....great job
nice
It is Very dynamic in use
Good browser with great support of updated. But all is wall if end is wall ita mean mora then good but lass then exilant
Yes
Yes
Trash! This was by far the best browser and dolphin mini kicked right in at #2. Updated my os to ice cream sandwich and dolphin is now crap. Won't set as default browser no matter how many times I set it or clear stock browser data. Contacted dolphin development and reported this major problem. If you are on newest Android OS you are sh** out of luck for now. Dolphin needs update to catch up. Update, clear default actions in settings/apps/all apps/internet browser/scroll down and clear default actions.
Hell Yeah browser.......!!!
Its works
Its works
Best browser ever. Super fast and super easy to use
Easy to use!
Faster browser for android tab
Faster browser for android tab
It's great, the quickest of all
So hard. I love it so hard.
Works nicely
Awsome browser
Awsome browser
Just awesome!!!
Its super fast and easy  to use!
Awesome!
Yup.
Yesh
No problems zte warp
guddfd
Tried many others and this is hands down the best
Tried many others and this is hands down the best
Fastest browser
This is the best browser I have ever seen.
Epic.
Indeed!!!!!!
A
It was amazing
I started using this app when I found out that flash player didn't work with chrome. my first 5min with have been very good but thats all i've had with it so far. It's faster then chrome and seems to work better. the lay out is better then chrome imo. But thats as far as I can say till i've used it more
The best browser
Just works so much better than the std. browser.
Just works so much better than the std. browser.
Excellent
I like it, has all the options i need and it's web page rendering is exceptional.
Good ..fast ...
It's a great app,works flawless
Galaxy s3 user and I love it! Faster than default stock browser.
Probably the most used browser on my device, love the gestures and the voice entry
Faduuu app mast hai haa or app fast browse add on be download karna
Easy to use. Well laid out.
It's very good i ll give 5 star
Love this browser. Extras like gestures and voice to navigate the web are fun, but not necessary (fun to show off with). Easy tab navigation. No added non-sense in the browser unless added by yourself via add-ons.  Using it on Galaxy S2 and Transformer Prime
Start use this browser n love it..
Best browser
Good excellent browser. Bt Sometime it wont work may b bcz of slow connection. Shud gv it a try.
Fast browser for android phones
Fast browser for android phones
It's ok
I love it
Best browser in HTC one V. Awesome.
Very good
Love this app
Fast and it doesn't hang
After trying it I''ve never use the other one......
The best browser for your galaxy device
Awesome :D
Hands down
Like the UI, very smooth, fast webpage load times.
Good thing it goes to the sd card.
Good thing it goes to the sd card.
Good thing it goes to the sd card.
WHEN HE IS UP ON THE PODIUM... "A KEE A KEE"  And you can quote him!
Dolphin is awesome! If you want web like on ur pc without limitations mobile has, then Dolphin is the way to go. Extra add-ons make it better than pc!
Its fast... And works better than moto's browser
Super fast!
Btter than regular internet
I'll try chrome when I can but this is the best I've tried
Had been having trouble with Google cutting out half my screen on Android 4. No problem since changing to your product. Very happy thanks.
Had been having trouble with Google cutting out half my screen on Android 4. No problem since changing to your product. Very happy thanks.
I like the Style & usefulness of said Browser .
Best browser for android...simple interference wid lot of add ons n features...fast surfing...gesture n voice control is d best part of it...get it n enjoy it...!!!
Awesome browser
The best on the market hands down.Samsung
OMG
Million times better than preloaded android browser. Gesture draw on screen for basic commands works great...pop out side bar has a lot of features.
Works perfect for me.
Works perfect for me.
I have tried most of the web browser available in gplay..but nothing see.s to suit me best...i even tried opera..it was fast but its page rendering was in a very low quality and it wont even load some of the images in  a page...then dolphin browser its the best...everything is perfect
It is my default web browser. The best.
Does exactly what it's supposed to do. Works great.
Excellent browser.. Sometimes hangs a little bit while scrolling the web pages.. Otherwise great browser
Easy to use, fast browser.
Deserve 5star because of its features and desktop like browsing
No problems :)
Nice browser
Excellent browser.. :-)
Best browser I've ever. ..But where's add on for Block advertising on web? But so far so good, best browser I give 5 stars
Love this browser. Light and quick. Voice commands and gestures are great! Made it my default web browser.
I haven't found another browser I like better than this one, it just plain rocks!
Does everything you need.
This browser opened a website wich the others  dont open. Congratulations
Nice & smooth
Its a great browser....
great app
After updates.  It just says waiting and never start.
Dolphin is great
Love all the add ons
Best browser by far...
Very nice browser
Very very nice
a cmpleeet outstandig performace. exellent
I love this browser works perfect for me
Very nice and handy
Great browser
Great browser
Very fast as i can browse the web i can now flick through different pages quickly than i could before all in all great app.
Cool browser!
Recomended browser for your android gadget
Best browser for any andy phone and speed is at its best never saw a 2G browser  acting at 3G speed
Awesome!!!
Still learning the available features, but so far very impressed
Great browser no complaints here
Some little things like accessing bookmarks are a little unintuitive, however, those are just minor gripes. Dolphin has issues with some sites that overlay images, when you click on an enlarge image link; in this case, zooming in on a section of the enlarged image causes the image to be centred with the web page being viewed, and the image ends up off screen. An annoyance, but not deal breaker. Over all, a satisfying browser experience.
The best
Excellant web browser. Recommended for EVO 4g LTE.
Better than default
Never seen anything like it
Nice
Really love this browser 5 stars
This application is totally awesome hope it remains free. Keep up the good work	!     T j Perry
works faster
This browser is the one I use the most due to its speed. Loading pages in this browser are always faster when I compare it against other browsers. Great work!
Love it! Incredibly user friendly
Really
Love it.
Wow! Much better than my default browser.
Its a great browser and easy to switch..  Only if they could make copy text option much better
Great browser
Sonar is the coolest function on this
Better than safari, opera Lot of features.
I still use this over Chrome, Fire fox browsers. Sonar and gestures I use rarely but a nice Feature
I still use this over Chrome, Fire fox browsers. Sonar and gestures I use rarely but a nice Feature
Awesome
So smooth ....... surely looking for desktop version.
Its the best, simple.
Very user friendly browser
vns i like dis apps weeeee
The best I've used
Faster
It's like the stock android browser but more better and with more Dolphin.
Nice... Make my photon browse in fullscreen mode, no status bar anymore
But still slow when loading
Love it.  Says it all.
Has awesome plugins like saving page as pdf, screen shots, high speed browsing optimizer, anything you can think of!  Doesn't hog CPU, mem or disk space! Very efficient on S2/ICS 404
The heading says it all!!!
Fast and responsive
I'm not gonna lie, I actually prefer this to all the other browsers.
Its great
Thr browser randomly takes forever to load pages.  I wish I could rollback the update
The best !
Dis apps rock..must download..
Dis apps rock..must download..
Great browser. I have used many. This is my fav.
I like thevwayvit has many features and can open internet access permiton sites without any pop ups
I like thevwayvit has many features and can open internet access permiton sites without any pop ups
Better then Google browser on my phone
Tot hon opera!
Hears you correctly, so cool!
Raw sex
it really super
I love this. Elegant, smooth. Great browser
Very fast
Works on lg and toshiba
Greatest browser i've used
I've never had a complaint with this app.  Couple this with dolphin sonar and the sky is the limit.
I use it for work. It's pretty b a
This browser has everything you'll need and more. Its just like having your laptop in the plan of your hands... Stop asking me to rate it after I rated it.. Wtf
This is the best browser I have ever used thanks dolphin
I've tried all the major droid browsers, and Dolphin is my favorite. It is similar to using Chrome on my laptop. There are tabs, the history is easy to use, and the voice search really, really works. I highly recommend Dolphin.
I have been using this browser with my tablet and my galaxy player. It is the best mobile browser out there. :)
Love flash support
Love flash support
Fab!
Fab!
Never liked thebstock browser. This is nice, clean and gets the job done!
Dope
the best boss..!
You must get this app
Much more stable than firefox
Love this app it has changed the way i see internet now. MUST HAVE APP!...
Best browser on android
Best browser on android
Excellent!
Excellent!
Best android browser available hands down.
quite stable compare to others mobile browser.  doh i think it better to package sonar as addons instead of build-in feature. It a bloated thing to have imo -1. Anyway great job developer +42
I never leave a comment or rate but i had to. I would recommend this to anyone. The best by far....and i have tried many :-)
Its quick and smooth
Best mobile browser I've tried. Excellent UX. Keeps getting better. HTC One X (and HTC Aria, Samsung Galaxy tablet).
Works a lot faster than the regular browser
Need I say more? Its great!
Need I say more? Its great!
Very awesome
Having some troubles with it crashing, but I could just be getting used to the Android/iPhone switchover...
Having some troubles with it crashing, but I could just be getting used to the Android/iPhone switchover...
I'm new to browsing on Android, but Dolphin is great so far!
App is awesome
Like it
Hoi
Love it. :-)
Loveit!
Very easy to use love sonar.
One word
Does what it says
Still not seeing a return of the find feature (Menu,F)
I love this app
I love this app
I love this app
Best browser ever!
great lite browser. fits to ur settings
I loved dolphin browser until I upgraded to ice cream sandwich. Now I can't watch video in the browser. It is fixable by installing adobe flash player 11.2
Excellent browser. Does what it says on the tin.
very impressed
I love this browser
Works well, has nice add-on features, and doesn't cause problems.
Allowed me to search websites for work and save them to pdfs using an add on for dolphin
A+
Very MFn impressed gnna hate 2 lose it...
Great so far
Works great
This browser works amazing! It's speeds are wonderful on the gs3.
This browser works amazing! It's speeds are wonderful on the gs3.
A complete pleasure to use. It does exactly what it says much better than the embedded browser on my phone. I highly recommend it to anyone considering downloading it
This browser has such easy navigation. A great improvement over the stock Android browser.
Good
More powerful. Allows me access to the type browser I'm used to. Best I've tried. Treats me like a thinking person, not a dummy.
Excellent browser
Easy to use and gestures help me browse quickly.
Not working
I've been using opera for a while and I have to say that this one is far more stabil and is really quick. Works perfect on Experia P. Well done!
Just what I needed
Allows me to open a lot more tabs than my regular browser. Also has the awesome gesture feature.
Tried many but this one has no competion.  The best.
Almost makes my smartphone a full pc replacement
The browser works fluidly and is quite innovative. The look is sleek and easy on the eyes. The occasional bugs are negligible as chrome also gets about the same amount of bugs.
The only reason I even still use the original browser is because I need to quickly access 2 different Facebook accounts.
Love It
This should be the default browser on every mobile device
It is just so cool to have this one in my android. Fast. Crispy. Cool. Definitely a must have.. I used other browsers before this one outsmarts them all :-)
Works better then any other browser ive tried on android. This is to andriod as opera/chrome is to windows
Works better then any other browser ive tried on android. This is to andriod as opera/chrome is to windows
Works better then any other browser ive tried on android. This is to andriod as opera/chrome is to windows
Great product
Quick, smooth, great tabbing system, easy to use.
I like the bookmarks layout
Excellent browser for your android.
Htc One x and DesireHD Totally on-point and accurate. A must have if u idolize the idle..
I used to love it until the android update came out. Now I don't need it since I'm happy with the new version 4.0.4.
I LOVE this app and definitely would recommend it! 5 stars :)
Very good
XPERIA NEO
Decent browser, though occasional crashes cost it one star. This renders faster than Chrome, but every now and again acts like it had a few too many beers, crashes and burns. lol  Overall it does what is supposed to do - that being browse and display content, so am quite happy with it.
Great.
Good! But Please Add parental controls like blocking inappropriate websites like k9 web protection did, thanks a million!
Good! But Please Add parental controls like blocking inappropriate websites like k9 web protection did, thanks a million!
Works just as good with a flash player.. Very good
Easy to use and works great
Love the browser, I have had no problems on my sony tablet.
I like more than Others
This is by far one of the best browsers I've used on android.
Awsome.. ....what a browser
so good and faster PLZ INSTALL NO REGREATS
It has excellent speed. Its awesome...
I love this browser
Edo thoiko
Good App
Love it.
Awesome  fast  no screen dimming on s3!!!!!
Awesome  fast  no screen dimming on s3!!!!!
Awesome  fast  no screen dimming on s3!!!!!
Great browser.
Great browser.
Amazing
Best browser app out there!
Its much easier to open new tabs and bookmark websites than any other mobile browser i've ever used. Great design, fast load times, and the gesture feature is great.
Awesome!!! Best browser and faster then any other web browser. Plus the add-ons are the best makes the experience better :-).
Can someone please explain the name? :-)  I use this browser quite some time on my SE mini pro and now on my Galaxy tab 2. I luv the gestures and it works like a charm on both devices.
Awesome! Smooth, fast, and flash capable. I will use it on every Android phone I own.
Awesome! Smooth, fast, and flash capable. I will use it on every Android phone I own.
Love this search engine!
I like the way that the tabs on top appear as soon as you start scrolling up and you can close tabs easily. This is more convenient than in opera. The speed does not seem the greatest but better than android's own.
So much faster and efficient than the stock Android browser. It has made Web browsing just as easy as using my laptop. Best mobile browser, hands down.
I love this app and will not have another phone that i can't have Dolphin on it.
It keeps crashing and shutting down when I am using it all of a sudden. Please fix it used to be 5stars
Awsome!!
Great browser for android
As fast as Chrome on Nexus 7, but with handier bookmarks and a full screen option. Would love it if the 'quick controls' option from the Honeycomb browser were available,
I love the speed and tabbed viewing.
This is an awesome Android browser that is free, full of features, a completely customizable.  I installed the Google Docs PDF reader addon and I was pleasantly surprised when it also made itself available to read any web PDF in any browser.  I highly recommend downloading this brilliant app!
Soo fast and useful
Keep the updates coming. Love the exit option.
Do way better than the default samsung browser
OMG AWESOME BROWSER, LOAD SO FAST
Good!
Good app
So far so good
On my Metro PieCeaShit phone. Gestures a re great.
High performance browsing for my Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket...and my Sony S Tablet!	Well-conceived and virtually flawless in its execution. Apparently extensible with a bucket of add-ons available & in the works.
Very simple and fast...
works excellent on galaxy y
works excellent on galaxy y
superb browser it has tab on side like desktop.
so far works fantastic seems to be extremly fast no complaints mate
Very fast browsing on galaxy s3
Love it !!!
Best android browser, no competition
Good graphics
Great application for Android devices, already my default browser.
Like this browser easy to use and faster than the competition ie Google and firefox better lay out so 5 stars for this
Like this browser easy to use and faster than the competition ie Google and firefox better lay out so 5 stars for this
Its amazing
Awesome
I have used dolphin for only two days and I think it's the best among opera, chrome and the stock HTC browser. Fast, smooth, easy and intuitive to use. No crashes.
I have used dolphin for only two days and I think it's the best among opera, chrome and the stock HTC browser. Fast, smooth, easy and intuitive to use. No crashes.
Wish it was for the desktop but it's not
Better than normal browzer...tii fast..too easy..running very well on sensation...gr8 bookmarks menu and gr8 add on options...best browser in this market...
Easy to use and fast
Browsing could never better than this....................
Best  on android
I really enjoy all the features it gives you. Really nice layout. Fast and responsive. Give it a try and you won't be disappointed.
Awesome
fast and simple
Excellent app ! Really need it .
Iznenadjujuce dobar browser, flash podrska malo komplikovan za pocetnike.... 5 zvezdica
Iznenadjujuce dobar browser, flash podrska malo komplikovan za pocetnike.... 5 zvezdica
Is a perfect Browser
I like it
Like it very much
Actually great...
Actually great...
Always have and always will love it.
The best browsee thank you
1st class!!!!
Must say an awesum browser
Best browser by far
Best browser for android
I love it...amazing browser
fast , reliable, user friendly
Keep trying new browsers as they come out only to return to dolphin. You guys are like mobile browser rock stars.
I have used them all and this one tis the best.
I have used them all and this one tis the best.
Very cool browser once you get use to it!  Does what I need it to do!
But if I may suggest something for ICS 4.0.4, I can't seem to use the full clipboard paste functionality. When pasting, it only lets you paste the most recent thing on clipboard, you can't access the whole list of clipboard pages.
It is the BEST browser for ANDROID give 5 star for the FLASH download.
It is the BEST browser for ANDROID give 5 star for the FLASH download.
It is the BEST browser for ANDROID give 5 star for the FLASH download.
Great browser!
Awesome app....thanks.
This is such a great browser definitely the best mobile one ever!
Excellent browser!
Fast and clean browser on my tablet.  Allows me see sites like on a computer getting away from the mobile view.
Its very very good!
Crashes all the time and NOW if a website is loading and you click another, it ignores you. Gestures is basically just a gimmick, never really thought it was that useful. The more updates I get, the more it crashes. I tried all the other browsers though, and I find myself coming back here. Superior navigability, ability to imitate desktop, and long press back to clear all & exit.
Easy to use
Tried so many browsers that I've grown tired of trying.  Don't waste time on other browsers unless you just want to see how much better Dolphin HD is
Nice app for android load is fast tks . Keep it up ^^
Awesome.....
I like it cause its fast and I don't have to wait a lot
I like it cause its fast and I don't have to wait a lot
Great browser.
Dolphin  is fast, user friendly and full if neat features. I really like the shake shake, geatures and sonar.
Dolphin  is fast, user friendly and full if neat features. I really like the shake shake, geatures and sonar.
Good
Brilliant on the samsung note
Like the browser!!
Gesture feature is awesome
It was significant faster as other browsers. Also able to watch video which was not possible with others.
It's good app, love it :-)
Like it
Very good
Great!
good
Smooth, efficient browser
Все супер, самый лучший браузер
Greatest mobile browser ive come across. Crispness and speed is unprecedented
Super fast and super cool browser for mobile..I am loving it
I love this app. It works perfect for my Droid 4. The voice search is perfect. How did you get so good?
Once upon a time there was a browser. Everyone had one on a smartphone. But along came Dolphin Browser and everyone was happy. The end.
Good browser.
Good browser.
Best android browser definitely
In few words, best browser , I like to use it for every thing even social networks. ..................................................................
In few words, best browser , I like to use it for every thing even social networks. ..................................................................
Awsome browser.....
Awsome browser.....
Loading fast the things u want.....!!!
I always use dolphin browser...its fast and never hangs....google chrome is also good...but dolphin is better
Good for devices with better cpu and ram
Good for devices with better cpu and ram
Ntap!!!
I've tried other mobile browsers and this is the best I've found for my htc sensation
Just love this app!
it works verry well
Great browser, keep it up.
best internet browser eveeerrr!!!!
Super cool app love to have
smooth n lotta functions
Very good browser with good functionalities
All time fav
Very nice browser
Really like it
A good browser
Cool browser
Fast, easy, fast loading, well laid out
Fast, easy, fast loading, well laid out
Fast, easy, fast loading, well laid out
Works as great as it is telling...
Smooth and fully functional
:D just that whenever I slide the web page, the add-on page keep appearing, abit annoying.
Up
Awesome indeed...
In all my years of using it, Dolphin has never let me down.
Awesome.
Not downloading images after last update
it is awesome and superbly user friendly
Wrks great needs an incognito window
I like the option to set as desktop etc so I can surf porn sites properly
Way better then opera...dosent freeze when you go to a desktop website.
So much good than other . Pick
Great!
I'm yet to experience the major changes made because I just downloaded mine after several months of absence. But I'm sure I'll not be disappointed.
When i heard about this browser i got it straight away. Works extremely well with my Motorola Zoom 2
This is tha bidness
This is tha bidness
Works very well
Its fast easy to use , just great !
Works grt on my ssgalaxy5360
Simply awesome. Hare Krishna!
Simply awesome. Hare Krishna!
:-)
Excellent browser for android phone
I luv this app gesture thing iz mad kewl
I have tried lots of browsers but Dolphin is the best.
Cool app
Great browser indeed...
I love this app it is better than opera mini.
Awesome
Fast and very useful..!!
Very good
Good
Love the interface
Lots of nifty features and good add ons, recommended (:
How do i write a comment on facebook. am using a galaxy young s5360. the keypad comes up but does not typ plearge help!
I love the bookmark feature!
This is great guys Thanks a lot
I used to use dolphin HD when I had my old smartphone but now that I downloaded again it is amazing the gestures are amazing everything is awsome.
Nice
Ths bowser is just what i was looking for. It plays flash videos perfectly.
Very cool, can't wait to see what else they come out with!
;)
;)
Excellent Browser on the android i have ever used..
I love it only needs a search bar to raplace the old googleone
Its a very good browser I used so far.
Great app!!
Awesome browser....great
It's hands down the best browser I've ever used. And I've used them all! Puts chrome to shame, and runs perfectly on my Sensation. If your phone can handle it, you have to go with the best.
Worse great
So fast than others
Love this browser full of addons and still super fast on my slow LG OPTIMUS V from Virgin Mobil.
I like this dolphin
Very fast
The best of the best.. :D
I have had DB on my htc phone for a while and now use it on my tablet. Great browser!
Gud app. Thanks team dolpy..
fast and tons of abilities ,easy to clear cache from app. manager . plenties of add-on.
fast and tons of abilities ,easy to clear cache from app. manager . plenties of add-on.
Really love it!!
Awesome browser I have ever used..
Awesome browser I have ever used..
The best
Best browser 4 android.
Nice
Nice
Best browsing experience on the android platform thanks to Dolphin... :-)
Really an awesome browwer
Fast, simple and good !
Fast, simple and good !
BEST BROWSER YET
Great stuff. its google chrome for droid
Hangup most time
it is the best browser i have on my android... im addicted to it and never even give a try to other browsers...as i have all of that i want.. :-)
What an apps very very fancy as well as fast. Opera and boat pales.
What an apps very very fancy as well as fast. Opera and boat pales.
A welcome change on Android.
Gr8 browser smooth n super fast
Nice browser...
I've used Stock, firefox, chrome and another I can't remember the name of gave each at least a month of use besides stock and Dolphin is definitely my favourite great browser with lots of great features. Even the voice command system seems to understand me better than Samsungs.
I've used Stock, firefox, chrome and another I can't remember the name of gave each at least a month of use besides stock and Dolphin is definitely my favourite great browser with lots of great features. Even the voice command system seems to understand me better than Samsungs.
I love it!
Its nice
Good browser
Really fast and cool.. mind blowing feature
Lovely and browse with flash.
Great browser
I love this browser just like Google Chrome
Love the app! User friendly and includes everything I am looking for in a browser.
Love the app! User friendly and includes everything I am looking for in a browser.
I just flat out really like this browser.
I've tried all the browsers for android and dolphin hd is my favorite. For some reason it is faster than dolphin mini too. However with the latest upgrades, it constantly closes by itself no matter what website I am on. I may have to switch to another browser.  Samsung GS2 Skyrocket
It is the only browser that can handle streaming site without crashing as often as opera n stock browser
Great browser
Super fast. Fast than firefox or chrome! Well..chrome is super slow. Dolphin is too good!
Awesome.........
Ok
Hands down the best mobile browser.
It's the perfect Brower
It's the perfect Brower
Is is very good to use
The best browser by far :)
The best browser by far :)
Really fast and light. Been using it on my galaxy tab 2 without a hitch
Works well with my Samsung trac phone. Fast and smooth. Less crashes than my normal browser.
It's really awesome
Shuts down every five seconds and takes me back to my home screen. Such a pity! I really liked this browser.
Best browser for android hands down.
Works fantastic
It is the best browser available in the market.
Loovvee it took place of my Internet the phone came withhh<3
Super app i love it
Tooooo.....Sweeeeeeeet.......My new go to, everyday browser.........hellllla faster than the default!!!
Ok
Quick browser. Works flawlessly. What more can you ask.
Overall a good browser with flash support. Needs improvent though.
i liked it....
Oh my god
Good job
I can't even see d bookmarks I made recently
i like this browser
I downloaded dolphin looking fot a browser whoch was fast and with reader enabled. Dolphin was a pleasent surprise. The best browser hands down.
good... but i just wonder if adblock is in the addon list...
It's awesome dude
Works great on my Asus TF700 but this thing is a beast and takes a bite out of apple with the horsepower of this tablet. Keep up the great work and continue to fine tune this product.
Even though adobe refuses to for mobile.
It works well.
This is really fast
Arg matte, Best fish in the sea! I realy like this plugin packed, simple browser. Give it a try & you'll be love'n it! PakRatt.
very nice
Live with out IT
Live with out IT
Very good
I never had any problem with this app.....update is even better...
Great browser, never crashes.
Best browser ever even after 2 years. :')
So cool this browser
Was so disappointed to not be able to play video on my new tablet. A friend recommended dolphin and it worked like magic.
Was so disappointed to not be able to play video on my new tablet. A friend recommended dolphin and it worked like magic.
I have a Moto Droid Bionic and a rooted Nook Tablet. Dolphin works perfectly on both of them. I love Dolphin Browser for Android!
Great video support!
Way better then the normal browser, awesome feature and the voice search n command
Very nice
Not too fast
I hate the regular browser because it doesn't ever fully close and drains battery. Dolphin offers a number of personalized settings. Great app.
Good
I love this browser. I tried others but there not as good
Love it
Just updated to 8.8 beta. Thank you for listening and quickly implementing my suggestion of coordinating text highlight and site loading progress bar color to match the selected theme's! Dolphin is already the cream of the crop of mobile browsers and with the future merge of a polished engine, the combined speed and features would be unbeatable! I certainly recommend Dolphin to everyone and stay loyal since the Dolphin developers are cranking out updates rapidly . Good hard work. Appreciate your commitment!
Awesome
This is a really great browser. I probably haven't even scratched the surface of all its features.  It is unobtrusive and responsive, and regularly updated.  Love it!!
Fast and smart!!
Fast browser. Useful, efficient.
Nice for most part
Nice for most part
I like it
I like to use it.
Great app. Love the voice. Let's see.
Excellent
Very quick, great response on my phone
nice
Crashes sometimes but overall amazing browser!
Love this browser!!
Fantastic app works great!
Love love love the voice command!!
Better than anything else!!!!!!
Just great
Simple ui .
Simple ui .
better than base android browser, chrome, and foxfire
My favorite so far
Only browser I found that properly supports flash
Works great! Saves time!
Fantastic app.
Installed on my shiny new galaxy s3 love it
The best
like a great girlfriend: easy and beautiful.
Samsung Galaxy Ace This browser renders web pages smoothly. I am pleased with Dolphin Browser.
Love it
excellent, only browser you need on mobile.
Bad ads
Seems amazing on first impressions
The stock browser is crap and this one is a must have even if you have ICS and beta Chrome!!!!
Ace
Works just like my desktop browser.  High praise
Working great :-)
Great app
Has all the features I need, in a visually pleasing and intuitive format. I tried out several browsers before settling upon Dolphin (the benefit of free apps) and suggest others do likewise. As for me, I'm sticking with Dolphin.
Best browser out there
I like how you can look up video still on google since google removed vide o from the mobile version use dolphin
I like how you can look up video still on google since google removed vide o from the mobile version use dolphin
I love it works great and i don't have any complaints
Best browser
Very impressed within a few mins this transformed my ease of use on my new nexus-7 tablet, I'll b trying this on my other devices, zte blade etc for sure. Very well done :-)  top job
Very impressed within a few mins this transformed my ease of use on my new nexus-7 tablet, I'll b trying this on my other devices, zte blade etc for sure. Very well done :-)  top job
Super great
......
Works better than the Google browser
I like it!speechless
I like it!speechless
Plays Flash no problem unlike default browser.  Setting handwritten symbols as shortcuts is more useful and accurate than I expected.  Very good software for my Lenovo A1_07.
Best browser Everett.
I think its beast
Is amazing!!!
Is amazing!!!
Is amazing!!!
Rly good
A very good app
The dolphin sonar is AWESOME an the new things added makes it even better
Good
Way better than the default browser!
:-)
Love it
By far the best browser for android that I've found; great features, and smooth loadtimes.
Fast. Cool. Awesome plugins. Just plain awesome!
Best.......k like it
Best browser in Android mrkt...
Super smooth, flows really well
Works great
Good stuff
Very Fast
Awesome apps
This is way better then my normal browser and now I give up with opera I am using thus app all of the time so 5*'s
Fast and functional, a must have
Brilliant!! Love it!
Brilliant!! Love it!
Really great browser.
Really great browser.
Cool..
CRASH CRASH CRASH
CRASH CRASH CRASH
Its super easy to use, gives me options which I love and finds exactly what I need.
Like this browser recommend it to anyone!
Absolutely awesome browswer!
Very fast browser!!!
The only browser I use on Android.
The only browser I use on Android.
I've tried a lot of browser apps but this one rules.
Its good, better than stock browser. Sometime crash though.
The best browser for Android, simply put. Fast and effective. I love it.
Best browser evee
great
What I have used of it....its my favorite if all browsers
This is one of the best browser for a droid.. luv it <3
Runs really smooth.
Nice..its good
Feels like I'm surfing the net on my computer!  '
VERY SMART.....SWEET ! ! !
Brilliant
I love this browser. Using it on my Samsung galaxy tab.
Fast, and sleek easy to use.  It comes second only to google chrome
It's well laid out intuitive and a significant improvement over what I was using before
Very very impressive! This has now replaced stock browser and google chrome.
Simply the best browser for android. Don't forget to add some extensions to enhance its use.
I love everything about this browser it's the best yet!!!
Best android app on the market
Great job guys!
Made me start using voice commands :)
Made me start using voice commands :)
Beautiful interface, cool animations and great add ons its da perfect web browser for a device
mindblowing browser
Nice.. Can any one help me with downloading youtube videos??
The best mobile browser in the world
Way more advanced than the android stock browser
good!!!it is really good
Dolphin browser is simply the best browser, gives you the most options, add-ons, simplified, and is very user friendly. I love it because it strives to make our web experience better.
Nice browser
Nice
Awesome
Awesome
Most stable of all I've tried. Like speed dial. Some YouTube videos are very slow especially on pop up windows.
I'm sure this could be one of the best Android browsers...
I love it. Easy to use and lots of features
Best internet App!
As good as browsing on the iPad and better than stock android browser.
It is wonderful app... Please all of u should be have
Awesome browser
Fast and easy to navigate
Good
Still slow and laggy on galaxy s2, not a patch on stock browser
Cool and easy to use
Cool and easy to use
By far the best and most versatile browser for the Android OS
I like using chrome but when it fails dolphin is always there
Cool brawser
Like the browser. Love the way you can close the tabs easily
Pretty good
Best one I hv used till dt... :-D
Also plays flash video on my bionic, whereas the stock browser doesn't on some pages.
Ok
Very smooth.  Faster than Opera.
Nice browser
Im happy to use it
Im happy to use it
Best browser for android that I've seen
It is fast cool and easy key
Best browser out there!
Good
indeed a great browser for android
Great app
Great app
Great app
I love this apps
Smart, compact, capable
This browser has been excellent, no crashes or mistakes yet
This browser has been excellent, no crashes or mistakes yet
α ω ѕ σ м є   ѕ м ι ℓ є   α и ∂   ρ ι ¢
Just love this browser!!! So easy and intuitive
So far the best browser I've tried :)
IT is my preference above any other browser...
Gets everything I want done quickly.
Awesome!!! I love it!
I was really unhappy with the stock browser on my atrix hd. Downloaded dolphin...happy now.
Awesome browser!!!
I like it. Its way better than stock...I wish I had it sooner.
I like it. Its way better than stock...I wish I had it sooner.
.
Good
Extensible through numerous plugins.  Dont use gestures much but always  a  nice feature to have. Barely scraped the surface in terms of use.
Very fast very good browser
Works superfine. Sometimes it crashes but other than that it's OK
All rigth nice one
Best browser for ice hands down.
Best browser.broeser dosnt mean opera. This is better than opera.
Exelente
has all features i need and quick loading too!
Just well done
Nice
Huge improvement over regular android browser-must have app
:)
5
Advanced the only word i can say
Excellent browser :)
Owsum i love the dolphin browser .wish it would be on windows
Good and fast
Simple sweet elegant robust...driven by performance EUE excellent user experience
Awesomesauce!
Haven't tried a better one for android
Its nice.faster internet browser
When I grab my notebook I think chrome or firefox. When I grab my phone its dolphin hd.
Much more reliable than chrome and easier to set bookmarks and retrieve them. Only praise.
Excellent fast cool........Do not know about security and  protection of personal data
If I could give this more stars I would! ! It's simply the best.
Best browser ever!!!!
Works wonders for my tablet. Toshiba Thrive! :-)
Tabbed browsing is great, very fast, I have it set to desktop user agent for desktop pages.   Only 4 stars because they ask you to rate it 5 stars which is crap
Really an exiting,app with additional features .turning you to browse the world.
Awesome flexibility with addons...
ok.
Best browser for Android ! Sonar is rocking !
I came back to dolphin.
Fast. Cool. Great features.
This browser is a must for all of my devices, it had tabs when others didn't and has been ahead of the game ever since. Thank you dolphin!
This browser is a must for all of my devices, it had tabs when others didn't and has been ahead of the game ever since. Thank you dolphin!
Best browser ever for android o.s. this is a real good job from the developers.... I really love it
The browser basic swipe left and right design make it better than the default android browser. Hope they continue to innovate.
Really good
Good
Good
I surf the web like I never served before
Works great. It's fast and didn't encounter any serious problems on my Android archos 101.
Works great. It's fast and didn't encounter any serious problems on my Android archos 101.
Excellent
I like it
I like it
Great stuff
Great browser
Way faster than the stock browser. Great for both my phone and tablet device. Definitely my favorite android browser.
For some reason I waited this long to get dolphin for my TF Prime and Droid X phone. I've been cursing the stock browsers for as long as I can remember. Dolphin doesn't crash on me, I swear it is much faster, there's tabs!, nice add ons, and I love being able to change display settings to "computer" so I don't have to see mobile version of sites.  YOU NEED THIS BROWSER EVEN IF YOU DIDN'T REALIZE IT YET!!
i just <3 this app!!!!
It's fast and works without issues.  What else is there?  Plus I love the seperate blue add-in theme which blends the browser into my custom rom.
highly customizable, intuitive, and functional. It's a lot like firefox.
Pretty good internet app. Just a little hard to get used to.
good app
Tabbed views make the web experience on the phone just like my computer.
This browser should come on all androids factory
The mobile browser I have ever came across. Thanks, guys.......
browser with complete features. but the tab window is too small.
Best browser i have come across! A must have.
Haven't had any issues! Recommend to everyone!! ;)
Its features are so nice  !!!
The most user friendly app out there !!!
so....sweeet!""
One of the best browser...
Just perfect!
Nice browser,u wil definitly luv dis 1
Nice browser,u wil definitly luv dis 1
Interface is good. Best browser for android
Very good
Does every thing needed
Does every thing needed
This is the best browser for android. It beats all the other browsers by a long shot. Every page loads properly on it, even the  ones with flash enabled content.
好用
Very gug
I love that everytime you try to exit the window, it gives you the option of clearing data, history, and cache. You don't get that often! I love it! Its so much better than the internet that is already installed on any one's phone!
I love this app
Fast loading, multiple tabs, smooth UI w menu as well as shortcut swipes for advanced users.  Total package!!!
Have enjoyed using this browser. Find the speech activated search facility unique. Very fast too on my galaxy tab.
WOW .. !!! It just understand's everything .. !!!!!!!!
Excellent:-)
Excellent:-)
Cool and powerful
Had this for a year and just had my phone back from repair and had a chance to play with some other browsers. Now back with dolphin as it's easily the best. 5 stars easy!
Awesome..
Awesome..
fast simple great UI  best android browser out there
Awesome browser even better than crome
Best one out there that I've tried
fantastic!
Great browser!
Dolphin Browzer truly is an awesome app! :) Wasn't too open to have a new browzer at first but I 'm so glad that I gave it a try because it was definitely worth it! So many neat little toches and ways to move about the browser! :)
Awesome...!!!
I love
Great browser
I love it alot and it is so much better then the regular internet browser
It is a good thing that we can actually speak to search something through Google. But I hope that in our next update, we can speak the website we want go. I would appreciate it if you guys could do that. But after all, it is a good browser that I would recomend to my family and friends.
It is a good thing that we can actually speak to search something through Google. But I hope that in our next update, we can speak the website we want go. I would appreciate it if you guys could do that. But after all, it is a good browser that I would recomend to my family and friends.
for This App
Great browser. Most pc like out there
Make good use of HSPDA speed on xperia u
Best browser
Best browser
Best browser
Great browser
Best browser in the market   it's elegant too
Best browser in the market   it's elegant too
Definaly a must have app
Best featured browser by far... no of the privacy limitations that chrome or opera have... much appreciated....
I love the speed of this browser!!! This is what I have been looking for. Keep it up you guys!!!
Holy nipples this browser is slick. While its not as hip as chrome, its quantifiably faster. I want to love it.
Talks
It's very new like mozrela and google crome I am happy to get it
Excellent
Excellent
Great app
i am using cdma connection using samsung galaxy.. very fast
i am using cdma connection using samsung galaxy.. very fast
The Sonar technology is perfect for times when I'm driving and need webinfo fast elliminating hefty fines and potential accidents. Cheers Dolphin
Nice apps
Tabbed, works and free!
Very good browser!
Lots of feature like choosing how the browser act as android, ie, mozilla
Truly, the champion! Hoping, a better looking logo soon for the champ.
The best browser around, never had any problems. I'm using it since the first release. Now I'm experimenting with the beta version 1.0.6 and all I can say is: Browser №1★FAST,FASTER,FASTEST★
Try n enjoy
Try n enjoy
This apps, excellent!!
This apps, excellent!!
In my experience, this is just the browser i needed!
I love this browser: it's neat, compact, fast, intuitive, and has genuinely useful add ons.
Very good !"?!!
Superfast!
Prettry fast, and user friendly.
No other browser like it with so many useful add ons
Cool
Cool
always have a hard time finding web pages on google dolphin is so much faster and better!!
Best browser.! No complains
I like it
Very fast i like it
1st day using dolphin. So far it is fast & slick. It will prolly be my browser of choice till they fix Opera mini. Who knows i may not go back at all
Love this
Perfect
Perfect
Superb browser!!!!!
I hsve been using the Dolphin browser for a while and it is definitely the best out there.
Small but monstrous!
Good speed but have some probzz..plzz fix them..
Very fun to use !
More intuitive than the normal everyday browser, with functions similar to your normal laptop favourites and more :-)
More intuitive than the normal everyday browser, with functions similar to your normal laptop favourites and more :-)
Great browser, light, fast and practical. Very nice interface.
It offers a better tabbed experience and it moves a bit faster than the browser that comes by default on android.
Enjoy it
Enjoy it
ok enjoy
Love this browser for my android
Like the option for multiple tabs the best...
Ain't lying. Dolphin is way better! Smarter, faster, more fun, more tech!
Yes
I love this app because it's tabbed. And it's kinda fast but above all. It's tabbed.
New user switching over from Opera and I like the simple interface. Opera just seemed to keep too many things between you and actually getting to the web like the gridded start page. Dolphin just gets you right to browsing and that's what I love about it. Fast and easy to use.
Works perfectly so far on my transformer prime.
Good
superrrrrrrrrrrr......
Will get to know soon so far so good.  Thanks
Good for browsing fast
Very well done but updates erase many data
Good
Excellent browser
Excellent browser
Premium web experience. Essential to my android experience. Stable, fast, feature rich.
Does the job nicely.
Good
Good
Good
Yea . Diz iz cool than the normal browser preinstalled by android
Yea . Diz iz cool than the normal browser preinstalled by android
Uninstalled for logging URLs.
Uninstalled for logging URLs.
I've been using both the Mini and this one, just to let you know I love them
I love this app its soooooi much better than the default iv been using until now. :)
Wow! This is fast I love it... any android phone must have this app
Very good so far. Fast. Like the add ons.
It's so fast lots of wonderful add ons. By far the most efficient browser. That's why I've been using it since the Droid Incredible HTC Sence* first came out!
Much more stable than the stoch Android browser.
Best browser for android.
Works perfectly so far! :)
Nice application. Wow
Very good browser. By far the best i've used besides Chrome and Opera Mini
I just wanna say I love it!
Cool browser for my ics tablet
Vguf CGI I
Works great
Great job with add ons. Keep it up guys
I trialed this browser for a week and would now never go back to my old browser. It is always being added to and updated. A must for my Samsung 7.7 tablet!
Better & fast & user friendly then any other android browser..
Very good
Like it
what a nice browser
Awsum
Excellent, nothing compares.
Nice browser...user freindly...gr8 work guys
4 stars because every now and then I have to close the tab I'm on before I can open a new one. And also for lack of flash site support. Otherwise I love it.
Dolphin is awesome
Perfect.....obsolutely 5 star
Perfect.....obsolutely 5 star
Perfect.....obsolutely 5 star
Very good
Very good
Really super
So close to Google Chrome, I love it.
Love everything about it
So good!I like this browser!
Awsome
Hell yeah
Tab 2 .gt3100
Fast, fun.
افضل متصفح
Its awsme...i lovd it.
Its awsme...i lovd it.
Very easy to operate
It awsome worth ur time to download
Using it since last week
Best Browser Hands Down!
1 number browser
Excellent..... Good.... Faster
Faster
Had it for a week and it's killer so far. Much better than the stock browser.
Great browser
Way better than my old browser. Love all the add ons
Found this after trying chrome and Firefox on my phone, and i haven't looked back. Fast,  and reliable.
Works great looks clean no lag excellent and wicked fast
fast
Great
Great
Yessssssss
Super application
good user interaction
I love u
Love the flash support and how little it fails.
Great browser for mobiles
Great  browser, quick, versatile, pleasing to the eye.
Awesome!!!
Awesome!!!
I will never use another browser. The features are remarkable
Very good browser, 5 star!
It's very fast browser
New and umm cool.
Awesome
Dolphin browser is a must have! Awesome app!
I work real good on my galaxy 3S I'm key
Love the loading speed!
Never had thrown any tantrums. always stable.fast and useful
This is the best and easiest
Awesome
Crashed my droid. Keyboards would't work not even after force closing the app. Had to uninstall it
much nicer than android browser
The update makes the best even better
Awesome nothing better out there and its a real shame more people don't know about this 10 out of 10 stars!
Love it
cannot understand why some people give less than 4 stars.
Excellent
Easy to use, function rich and fast, it's all I need from a mobile browser.
Awesome!!..
Very fast, very intuitive, nice looking and easy to use. Good job! It's a great browser choice.
I"ll never ever gonna let go of this app ever again! Gedemet I once uninstalled it. And here i am installing it again XD I can't find anything better
Stable, and a pleasure to use.
Its the smoothest browser i ever used! Better than the opera browser!
Love it. Dont like the name though...
Nice browser!
Excellent browser!!
This browser makes me forget I have the others.
INTERNET!
My fav browser of the moment !
Excellent
Excellent
As always the best browser around
I am <3in it
I am <3in it
Cool browser to use
Wort it
My favourite browser
.
Very nice. Best browser ive used
Fast loads...easy to delete cookies...
Just simple and practical.
Great so far!!!!
Best web browser ever.
Works really well!
This app is great .
I like this browser. I highly recommend it. Works fast and renders pages perfectly. This should be androids default browser!
When on your own using the speech search is flawless. Otherwise custom gesture swipe is the way. Love this app
Works great
Excellent app. Now I can brows very fast in 2g by this great browser...
Great app
Simply the best!
Add ons can't be beat
Hands down the best browser in the market. Works great on the Samsung Galaxy S2 Epic 4g!
Sick Best browser on the market by far
The title says it all.
Fastest browser and has so many options to customize your web experience thx so much    keeps getting better
Very functional and speedy browser.
this browser is great because of the add-ons
Its a cool broser for android. Thanks
Fast reliable easy use
Works like it should...and it's free & ad free ... Thanks a lot
Awesome
Speedy
As per the title... this speeds it up compared to its peers. Thanks!
I love this browser! It is fast and has the best UI for browsers in the market. Keep up the good work!
Its just woowwww
Awesome!!!
Great program
Would never want to search for another browser. Keep up the good works!!! All the updates are good, and this cool browser is getting better by updates. I like it, thanks.
Rated it 5 stars for fast browser. The best browser for android and also iOS as well. Voice search function works LIKE A MAGIC. GOOD JOB!
Browser
Mantabs
Great app with many many polished features and addons.
Vbg
Works like it says it would.
Runs great on my nook tablet
It its my go to browser if chrome is not available, I don't recommend this browser for slower phones though.
Awesome
Overall its a very nice browser,  it still needs a adblock plus plugin,  that should be a priority.  Also when you click on someone's comment on facebook and click back to the news feed it automatically scrolls to the top of the page, rather then going back to where you left off on the page, Firefox allows you to go back to where you left off on the page, which saves alot of time especially on a 8" tablet. Eliminate the completely unnecessary auto refresh when you scroll back to a previous page.
I've used Dolphin through 5 different Android devices over the past few years (both Tablet and Phone) and it remains my "go to" browser on all of them.
Excelent !!!
I have a new tablet, told can't do this, can't do that. For example bbci player would not work, browser very slow. Then I was told by the techies to try Dolphin. Brilliant does everything I need. Thank you.
Nice!!! ..totally working powerfully on android..
Supeeeeeeerrrrrrrr
Best mobile browser.
Best browser I've used on my phone
Everything works perfectly
Dolphin browser is a great alternative to the default browser. Although I do find myself having to switch to the default browser on some websites, specifically when downloading files. Otherwise this a perfect browser with great features.
Awesome design & customizability
This is by far the best browser on android platform much better than the native browser  with android
Best android browser I've used, and I've tried most of them.
Great app I recommend this dolphin product very highly
I really like it good for my samsung..
Make widgets...
Easy to use...... rockin it
Coooooool
Bueno
Its feature is best
Its feature is best
Works fast and smooth for me on galaxy gio. I especially like the gesture feature and it works really well. It crashes on me sometimes but it's rare.
Good app
Great
Better than what I had
:D
The Best
Nice browser..bit more user friendly
This Is One Of The Best Ever Browser's I Have Tried On An Android.
Amazing browzer love it makes life so much more simpler .. keep up the good work guys .. !!
I like it just wished there was a way to retain my bookmarks when switching to a new phone
Its very very good easy and fast.  Its real browser i want .  thanks
I love the shake n search feature it works far better on this app than any other I have used extremely accurate and it's free. Thanks Dolphin!
Best app!!
Fastest speeds for a  browser that I have experienced yet! I have been testing all the browsers for android and this is the fastest one yet.
Only one word "AWESOME"
great
Just like a desktop browser
I've tried various different browsers and this in my opinion, tops them all. It's fast, reliable and I think the UI is very clean and easy to use compared to other ones that I've tried. Love the gesture features! 5/5 without a doubt!
super
Better than others till chrome for androids?
Best one out there... ability to set it to permanently display sites in desktop mode is really useful - Motorola xoom
Awesome. Download it.
Cool and fast
I got tired of chrome forcing most visited. I am glad I did. Fast slick and easy to navigate
well done
I just installed this browser and am very pleased it. I really like the sonar feature.
Cool
top. everything you can expect from a browser!
Works great on my Galaxy 2
Fast
Fast
Much better than the default browser.
I love the drop box add addon.
Its able to show bengali font also - S Pal
Great browser thnx
Works great. No fcs or other issues
Works great. No fcs or other issues
I love dolphin browser & so doesn't my boyfriend. It's quick and easy to use. And you don't really have to worry about the tabs. It's great!!! I recommend this to everyone whose Browser on their phone is slow AF.
Great browser
Good browser
Fast and simple to use. Clean UI. I previously used opera, and i still do sometimes, but dolphin HD has won me over!
This browser app is very good! Awesome, thanks.
This browser app is very good! Awesome, thanks.
This browser app is very good! Awesome, thanks.
Absolutely amazing
Works great- I was having problems with the standard Droid browser this one works perfect with the websites I frequent.
Great'',
Best browser I've used
On a galaxy tab 2 10.1 inch. It's just great.
It's too good
Faster and more compatible easier browsing
Faster and more compatible easier browsing
Now this is the best hd browser in the market..
Excellent browser for galaxy y.
Great browser. Very fast.
It resppnds very slow and pinch zoom does not works thoigh it works on other browsers
It resppnds very slow and pinch zoom does not works thoigh it works on other browsers
Fast is all I can comment for it
Smooth
Smooth
Good
Excellent and flash player also wrks here awsm
Good and easy browser for phone
Good and easy browser for phone
awesome
The best
Good and Excellent
Using rooted Nook Color,  Dolphin is super easy to use,  has great features. Upgrading from Dolphin mini on the nook.  Also use hd on my Galaxy SII Skyrocket. The only problem I've run into is that when I have multiple tabs open, it's a pita to close any of them but the top one.
Does what you want it to nice gesture feature. Used firefox and opera this is quicker than both.
more faster
It has very good features than any other browser.
Fast, nice add-ons, easy navigation. Still the best for Android...
The best browser that you could use
like
Best 1
Nice
Nice
Can't fault it. Easy, accurate search. The voice-activated search works well, too.
Been using Dolphin for the last few days; beats the hell out of the native phone browser. :)
Better than fire fox. Can draw a symbol to load a page. Can skip over mobile versions of websites
The best browser fot android
Nice browser
This browser flows smoothly and better than the stock on the transformer prime. Add on a parent watch/lock program and it is perfect for the whole family:)
Like it thumbs up...
Like it thumbs up...
Good
I am using dolphin browser when i got my android phone. Its too cool super fast and easy to use!
Good one
the best for a smart device
Ultimately best browser
I liked it very much, makes my browsing easier.
Thumb swipe interface is perfect for tablets, I'm personally using a Nexus 7, but my dad uses the Motorola. It won me over.
A very handy ,useful and fantastic App. Well done . Jeep up the good York!
A very handy ,useful and fantastic App. Well done . Jeep up the good York!
Excellent browser. Better than chrome in many ways, including speed of loading and loading webpages.
Based on ability to install and use Flash, I installed Dolphin, then side-loaded the Flash apk.   So far, both have worked well together.  I miss the syncing with Chrome on my other devices, but that is the price if I need access to Flash.
Best mobile browser out there.
Great use of small screen real estate.
Its a good browser as compared to the default android browser... Just keep on the good work
Love it
Its brilliant i cant fault it
Its good. No complaints
Best of the besttt...!!!!
Wicked a very helpful app
I love the shake and talk features and the browser seems to be very solid, has not frozen on me once.
Pure awesomeness ...plus there are so many add ins you can install as well which are very useful. Great browser.
Love it!
This is my go-to browser for a few years now. It is super easy to wipe the cache & history at the end of the session, and it's always been stable for me. I've used it on my OG Droid and now on my GNex with no issues.
Awesome
Excellent browser. Love it
Reliable and easy to use.
Reliable and easy to use.
Exellente :)
The best browser I have used!
Amazing......
Just use it and see the magic in the magic in the internet
An amazing browser. I have seen many but this is the best!
Obviously its good for me as I  would think
Obviously its good for me as I  would think
Dolphin is faster and less consuming than chrome. It approaches tabs in the traditional way, and this is easier.
Very Good & Fast
I never write reviews for apps but this app is just so great I had to
Better than uc n opera
Good
Everyone should to use it..
Very nice. Better than Opera
Gc
Good
Good
Simple and fun one of the best
It's the best one ever for Android. Well, at least before other browser catching up.
Great
I love it
Works great.
Great app no flaws, no freezing.!
Great app no flaws, no freezing.!
Awesome browser,.. cool extensions. Great job!!
I have used other browsers before, but this one is by far the best, ease of use, speed, and the add ons are great as well.
It should hav downloading capacity... Lik mp3 direct from the site
Simply great.
good
Beat hd  brows
Beat hd  brows
Beat hd  brows
Great
Great application
Great application
thanks
Just got it yesterday. Very intuitive. Fast and with plenty of useful features.
Thanks
Best browser out there. Love the full screen mode
Awesome...
Great!!!
Non because its so great!
I was using Opera but now it's only Dolphin, customizable gestures are great and the Sonar it's really awesome, from time to time I just try it for fun :-)
I was using Opera but now it's only Dolphin, customizable gestures are great and the Sonar it's really awesome, from time to time I just try it for fun :-)
Constant force close I use to like this browser on gingerbread on my rooted vibrant but it is time to update for stability on ics.
Its a great browser.
So glitchy after the update. Often keeps crashing.
So glitchy after the update. Often keeps crashing.
Great browser
This is most probably the best browser for android
nice
Works well
Seems like everything works like it use to be...,love it..!
Very cool
This is the best one.
On my stock rom very slow! But after installing cm9 fast! Consider installing a different from if slow. Regards, Dave
This one of the best browser than any other browser available for browsing on internet
Fastest browser in the world
A must have for all android devices!
The best browser I've tried on Android, fast and smooth.
The best browser I've tried on Android, fast and smooth.
New user but found it helpful and easy to navigate
Best browser out there
annoyed when try to input texts to some text box like google or something. it keep return to the top of page.
Dolphin has more character then any other android browser.
Just what i wanted. Easy and fun ^^
Best browser
Just perfekt
Verry good browser....you must try it.....
Would be great to have tab switching like activity list in ICS.
So much easier to use and desktop view!
So much easier to use and desktop view!
So much easier to use and desktop view!
People should experienced once, dolphin Android is the best performance with great satisfaction.
The best for mobile devices so far.
Great
How I look at my porn
Absolutely brilliant browser, got it on my android phone and 7inch tablet. Lightening fast, wouldn't use any other browser now.
I like using it , reasonably fast and the addons make it easier to use . A pleasure to use .
Smooth
It's just like browsing with a PC
A browser with lots of useful add-ins
Every browser should be this intuitive!
Great browser!
Very feature rich
This is a great browser, it should be available for my PC.  Well done guys.
Thanks for this gift
grat,better that native browser
This is a super fun addition to android users everywhere.  Quick, responsesive,  and customizable.  Used for two days and already moved it to my default browser.  Dolphin!
Installed fine works great.  Moto razr maxx
Good browser! Actually, I think its better then chrome
Good browser! Actually, I think its better then chrome
My favorite browser, I'll never use anything else.
My favorite browser, I'll never use anything else.
Stupid HTC took out YouTube app association. Dolphins browser let me pick the YouTube app when I click on a YouTube URL link instead of opening video in the stupid browser!
Stupid HTC took out YouTube app association. Dolphins browser let me pick the YouTube app when I click on a YouTube URL link instead of opening video in the stupid browser!
Awesome !!
Awesome !!
Awesome !!
Awesome !!
Awesome !!
This is one of the best apps you can get when my phone got reset this was the first app i got
I absolutely love this browser! (:
Have tried all browsers but keep going back to dolphin.
paradise
paradise
paradise
Wayyy faster than standard browser on my LG Android
It's great
Fast, reliable, efficient. Used on droid 2 now using on droid 4.
Excellent browser... should move for windows on desktops and laaptops
Was do happen when I got chrome on my phone... but then I found this browser which is much faster and reliable cheers dolphin
Planned to get i phone for the voice search, just found an app that s about $500 cheaper, does the same thing, android love
I use 5 browsers.  This is as good as the best for such a small platform.
i have this on my Galaxy S2 and now added it on my Asus tablet.  It works better than stock browsers and Chrome.
i have this on my Galaxy S2 and now added it on my Asus tablet.  It works better than stock browsers and Chrome.
Tried opera and the default browser and this is hands down the best. Even use it for my tablet.
exslinet
Awesome
the best free broeser i use
cant download mp3 files please fix
cant download mp3 files please fix
amazing browser
Very fast browser, and I like the user interface.
Very fast browser, and I like the user interface.
Very fast browser, and I like the user interface.
I recommend it. Fast. Has many New features like gestures, voice input, add ons..
Great
I live this one
Ill give it a five star. Its good to use.
Its all the best!! Y punto.
Great browser and very fast. Thanks to developer. Grear job guys.
fine
Very impressive. I would recomend to all.
Awesome browser
Awesome A+++++++
