That's it,just has airplane mode during the night,uses a lot of ram,15 meg on galaxy s3. This app just doubles up on what my s3 already tells me. Paid version,but uninstalling.
Always reads 75 unless you click on the widget to open... Worked when it was free ... ugh!
Up advertising asking you to rate or view other apps. Acceptable for a free version but not after buying. Will not purchase from this developer again.
I've noticed every so often while using my tablet. When the percentage changes... the notification disappears and appears again very quickly and it looks like a screen flicker. I'm assuming your removing and then adding the notification again when you should just update it
I keep losing the widget every time I reboot my device. Had already wiped my phone and still no cure.   Nexus S + stock jellt bean.
For off it didn't work when installed. I had to uninstall then install again. Second I just unplugged the charger my phone says 100% the widget says 60%. And finally shame on the dev for false advertising. The dev clearly shows a picture with 49%. This widget only does 60,70,80 ect. Your lucky you got 3 stars.
Bluetooth on and off does not work on nexus. Other than that it seems good at that it does.
...keeps asking to rate the app even after I click never to remind me. Pops up a window when running the app every few days to check the market license. Couldn't this be done in the background? I mean the app is running all the time in my notifications. 3 stars.
Awesome A+++++++
Smooth looking, nice interface. Works really well on my nexus 7. Keep up the good work devs. Only used trial for half a day before buying.
Other than that, it's fine.
One of my favorite widgets. Keeps me mindful of battery life in a BIG way.
Really good app...I wish there were better pull down notifications
Nice way to display lots of useful information.
Noticeable battery drain after one of the recent updates. Also does NOT contain any detailed battery information, besides basic charts / info, it just uses the default Android battery information. I do not consider a basic chart, batt temp, rough estimates on remaining time as incredibly informative. Would be nice to set the context of notification when percentage changes, otherwise I'm getting notified at every 1% interval.  N7, tablet mode. I do like this app, but it seems like more show than anything.
Love the JB notification tray features as well.
Love this app!
I like this app,  it doesn't reinvent the wheel or anything but especially on the nexus 7,  it adds decent function with some smooth aesthetic.   One issue I've seen is on the status bar function within the notification screen,  the positioning/formatting needs work as not all the status buttons will fit. You have to turn one of the four off. Also,  it's annoying that hitting a status button opens the app up as opposed to just doing the function of the button.
Who doesn't love the new notification features the app is legit.
Having the option to have the battery icon present on the notification bar (like in high or normal priority) but with the graph hidden until two-finger swipe would be great. Otherwise fine app.
Works well and has temp, voltage, etc...
I love this app.
Non intrusive, the JB notification is perfect. And the resizable widget works well for my gnex or my transformer infinity.
Still needs work on the Motorola hack. Doesn't keep very good track of the battery %. Needs a update for more stability but still a very nice app.
App has a couple of intermittent issues with sync between the app, status bar and notification pull down but other than that it's well done and thought out.
Slick and informative, many display options to choose from. Excellent!
Toggles shouldn't open the app. Everything else is good
i love this, it's so accurate and it tells me everything i need to know. the only thing is i wish there was an option to make the white text icon in the status bar have the percentage sign next to it. if you could add that my OCD and I would thank you dearly.
Clean and simple holo theme app.
Best battery app I've used so far! It works supremely well, and love the notification bar graph with toggles. well innervated into jelly bean. Only thing, hopefully they can address the size if the toggles, to fit all of them.
Great notification widget, even better with the power control utility.	I had used the free version a while ago and liked it, but decided to support developers by giving it a purchase because of the power control feature, which if it gets better I would give it a 5 star rating. Give an option to add more power control features than the standard android power control such as brightness slider and remove text.   Recommended for what it is now, I hope it becomes even better.  Love the auto airplane feature.
I don't like being prompted by the app to give a five star review. Drop down notification options seem a little buggy in Jelly Bean, but otherwise fantastic and informative.
Crashes sometimes but that may be the rom I'm running
Could use a list for battery usage within the app instead of the stock
Love the look and works great on my Sgs3 running 4.1.1 Aokp Jb
This very good battery app. I like how it keep you informed how long your battery will last.
Wanting in aesthetic options
Clean look and great features.
That's it,just has airplane mode during the night,uses a lot of ram,15 meg on galaxy s3. This app just doubles up on what my s3 already tells me. Paid version,but uninstalling.
Great to know exact state of charge.
Cool app. Does what it says
Would like to see them add a charging animation.
One of the few apps I find essential to my daily use. Can't wait for future features! Keep up the great job devs!
Great
That is all :-)
Does what it says and looks nice on the phone.
Does what it says on the box. And does it very well! Makes good use of the latest features of the newer Android versions.
Best I have try
Very, very useful.
For anyone who is anal about their battery, this is a must-have app!
I've noticed every so often while using my tablet. When the percentage changes... the notification disappears and appears again very quickly and it looks like a screen flicker. I'm assuming your removing and then adding the notification again when you should just update it
Best battery app on the market...have tried several and this works perfectly on my Samsung Galaxy S II phone.
I'd love it if you can select a different color for the widget (white please)!
This app is flipping amazing!
Awesome app! Love it. Just one thing though, it needs to have a widget. If there is one already could you bring it to the galaxy ace please? Thanks! :)
1 of the few apps I ever truly purchased....!
I had the beta version of this app for a long time before deciding to jump to the pro version. I love this app and well probably use it for a very long time!
Love it it  really nice app
Does everything it says to perfection
Love the notifications in jellybean
Works great so far.
Just purchased, would buy again.
No regrets great wigit
Very good app that gives you all the the info that you could possibly want, and with detailed graphs and charts, how let's you know exactly how much you got left, and etc., WELL DONE!
User friendly. Works well with Jelly Bean. Perfect size for the icon tray on top.
Best battery app on the  market
عملي ومفيد و من أفضل ما رأيت في مجاله
Does all I need
Best battery widget on the store!
Top stuf
Very useful app on Nexus 7
Does what is required and does it well.
Its a little laggy with the status updates but otherwise its worth the puchase!
Its a little laggy with the status updates but otherwise its worth the puchase!
Clean and neat.
From one dev to another, this is nifty lil app
From one dev to another, this is nifty lil app
Looks gorgeous,  a highly polished product.
Great app...
This is how all android apps should look.
Nice app
Great app. Pretty and functional at the same time. Would love more stats.
Great app with all the info you could want to maintain the health of your battery
Great!
Lots of interesting battery-related information to let you know what is draining your battery and at what pace, plus lots more info besides!
Beautiful and useful app, worth the money!
I've tried others, but this is the best. I bought this application to support the developers. If you can make the widgets smaller to be at the same size with the standard icons, it could be perfect.
Very good app, thank you!
Как раз то, что искал
Very detailed data on battery usage. Love the graphs
Had been using the beta.. Had to buy to support this awesome dev. Thanks for such a useful app. Only wish is notification graph on my ics phone if possible
This is a great app/widget that takes the avg battery notification widget to the next level. Great heads-up, at a glance, interactive info & visually stunning as well.
Love this app!
Great stuff
This is the type of app/widget Google should have made....great app.
Love the style and its customisability.
App does everything it advertises. Looks great, works great
great overall tool for all your battery loving needs
Nice battery app.
Does what it say
Works great, its awesome!
Does as is advertised.  Worth the small amount to support this app.
Hands down the best battery app I have used so far. And it looks great too :)
Great with my HTC EVO 3D. It is awesome on my Nexus 7 to. MKBHD gave me the link to this and I am really glad he did.
Skvělá práce, víc k tomu říct nelze
Clean, stable and full of good information.
Detailed info. Quick toggles and great JellyBean support.
Can't ask for anything better
Could use more settings, but it's excellent anyway
Was using Circle Battery until this gem popped up. It's small and simply useful.
All I can say is wow what a accurate and amazing widget I love it 5 stars all the way!!!!!!
I love this app.  It does exactly what it says it does
Helps a lot
Work great on Nexus 7. Would be perfect if the cool notification circle could replace default battery icon.
LOVE THIS APP SO FAR BEEN PERFECT I DONT NOTICE IT DRAINING BATTERY BUT ILL SEE WITHEN THE NEXT FEW DAYS GOOD JOB DEV
Keep up the good work.
Love it!
Worth buying..!!  Never knew paid apps wud be this awesome..
Had the beta and it worked great. Decided to get the pro version.
Had the beta and it worked great. Decided to get the pro version.
Electric. Seriously good app.
Works like it says
Cool
Bought 1st 1 now bought this. Great but would like to be able to customise widget like 1st otherwise no probe so far on sensation xe ics
Works great on my nexus 7. Very clean app
So happy to have found this from a video review! Works amazingly on the Nexus 7 tablet. Will install on my GNex too!
So happy to have found this from a video review! Works amazingly on the Nexus 7 tablet. Will install on my GNex too!
I used the free beta for a short while before deciding that this is the kind of app that's worth paying for. The app itself looks great, fits perfectly within the stock Jelly Bean experience and is very useful but what I really love is having the information in the notification tray.
It works great on my Nexus 7  & Sprint HTC EVO 4G LTE.
Nice app. Wish it was built in to ICS.
Always reads 75 unless you click on the widget to open... Worked when it was free ... ugh!
Awesome app for analysis a battery of phones
Works great. Galaxy Nexus Unlocked on JB.
Works great. Galaxy Nexus Unlocked on JB.
This is an awesome little widget. It's informative and concise, and hands you a bevy settings toggles to use in your notification drawer. Worth getting for that alone.
Easy to use and tells you what you want to know. Just what I was looking for.
Easy to use and tells you what you want to know. Just what I was looking for.
This app is great. I love the projected charge and discharge times. Highly recommended!
Great for monitoring battery state and charge time. Handy app.
Happy to support
If you have any ICS or JB device, you need this app. Big ups to the Dev for fully utilising the latest Android design cues.....
A must have app,tracker feature a great addition and I've found it 100% reliable
A must have app,tracker feature a great addition and I've found it 100% reliable
I've been using the beta of this app for a while, Finally got the full version. Glad to be able to support such a great developer!
Hands down THE BEST battery widget on the market! Worth every penny!
Non intrusive, the JB notification is perfect. And the resizable widget works well for my gnex or my transformer infinity.
Excellent for charge/discharge trend analysis. Keeps you on top of your battery.
Neat
It's clean, simple, easy to use. My favorite part about it is the status bar that tells you not only the percentage but also how much approximate time you have left based on your phone's usage.
This is by far the best battery widget in the market..
The timer to put the phone into flight mode overnight should save a useful amount of battery power
Works well. Great widget.
You won't regret this install.
Bought as a support for dev. Find the app kind a helpful.thx
Would love to see this as add in the automatic wifi on and off based upon location and usage. My tablet doesn't really need to be using wifi at all times using more battery than needed.
Works as advertised and works very well.
Find it helpful and easy to use.
Find it helpful and easy to use.
i love this, it's so accurate and it tells me everything i need to know. the only thing is i wish there was an option to make the white text icon in the status bar have the percentage sign next to it. if you could add that my OCD and I would thank you dearly.
Great app no issues with it at all
The most helpful widget on my Galaxy Note outside Juice Defender.... Hands down top notch
Looks very nice as a 2x2 or 3x3 widget, but as a 1x1 it looks grainy, and as a 4x4 it looks fuzzy. Not sure if this is due to my pentile display or the app itself, but it's very nice either way.
I first used the Beta after reading a tech site review. I liked it so I have now bought the app to support the dev.  This works perfectly on my Galaxy Note and my Sony Tablet S.  The icon/widget is aesthetically pleasing, informative at a glance & the app can be used to set WiFi to disconnect & reconnect automatically overnight to save battery.
Honestly, this is a remarkable app...from the tabs that allow further configuration and battery usage breakdowns this is well worth every penny.
Great example of why android is so great. Gnex has no battery percentage built in so I use this. It's beautiful and gives me a ton of info.
Love the flight mode feature which saves loads of juice during the night. Well worth the money.
Works well .
I love this widget. It's easy to use, looks great, and tells me everything I need to know about my battery. It's also nice to have an indicator in the notifications bar.
Does what it says, and the historical chart helps plot usage patterns.
Functional and beautiful.
As good as the 1st generation by this developer.If he would develop one for signal strength, with option to reset connections, that would be fabulous.
I don't like being prompted by the app to give a five star review. Drop down notification options seem a little buggy in Jelly Bean, but otherwise fantastic and informative.
Awesome batery widget with JB support.
More than happy to pay for this one. A perfect ICS/JB companion app widget. Very pleased.
Used the beta version. Well made, low impact app. Gives great estimations on how long your battery will last. Happy to support the dev and this app.
Happy to support the dev.  Looks amazing on my Nexus 7 with expanding notification to see the chart.
Excellent!!!!
Great App def recommend
If you're reading reviews at this, just buy it to support the developer.
Samsung Galaxy S3.  Very clean and easy to use.  I like the setup with battery temperature and time remaining on charge.  Other stats and graphs are nice.
The best battery widget out there
Paid to support development. Using this on N7, NS, and Transformer. Really well done.
Great app, would definitely recommend
Looks great on my nexus 7
Nice and clean ui, good info, and it's blue!
Just simply the best app for battery control there is. Was looking for a decent looking battery widget and found so much more. Battery widget, functionality, customization,  notifications and great design.
Great looking interface :)
Simple in operation yet polished and fits in graphically with the insurance color scheme. Gives me all the relevant battery info I want.
I've tried so many battery widgets and this one by far is the best. Keep up the good work!!!
Its my favorite new app and my device just doesn't seem the same without it. In Jelly Bean use two fingers to show/hide the graph from the notification. Thank you for creating this. Very elegant
Great application that provides more valuable information than the stock battery indicator.
Does what it claims to do excellently. Staple for my GS3 and Nexus 7.
Let's me know everything I need to know about my battery
Add charge bar support and watch the sales rake in. :-)
Does exactly as described.
What this guy said vvv
Works well on 4.1
Best battery app I have found. Used it in beta version and bought it as soon as the pro version became available.
And they weren't wrong to do so
I love this app, my only wish is that you could add an option to hide the default battery icon.
It is a must have for those who like to keep tabs on their battery life at all times. I love several of the features in this app including the ability to turn some of those that I don't like off. Supporting this product through purchasing it was a no brainer... keep up the good work guys!!!
Gives good battery info and looks good i wish i could change the color of the battery circle though
Battery app ever
Very useful I just had to support. Also try Ur Daycare Locator app for free!
Very useful I just had to support. Also try Ur Daycare Locator app for free!
Would like option to change color of widget
Widget does not update with icon on bar
Beautiful widget, and awesome stability. Well worth the money.
Used the beta extensively, very useful app.
Very beautiful and well made app. I don't use the actually widget just the app and I love the system tray icon and info in the system tray itself. One of my favorite apps now. Keep up the good work and thanks for the beta version too try out.
Upgraded from the beta, just wish I could disable the stock one and replace it with this instead.
so far so good!
Love this app.  Downloaded as beta, and bought it to support the developer.
Great useful app!
I have tried multiple battery apps, and this one is by far the best one I've used.
Happy to support the dev. The battery notification looks great in the status bar on my Nexus 7.  The JB feature of expanded notification is also supported by this app.
Loved it from the beta.  Useful widget that all phones showed come standard with.
I love the graph that estimates when the battery will be depleted.   Very handy.
Had the beta, was brilliant bought the full version to support the developers and the added functionality. Keep going guys!
Great app love the delta% feature
I used the beta for a while since I got my Nexus 7 and have been highly impressed so I decided to get the paid version. Keep up the great work!
I love the holo theming and the nice notification drawer features.
Bought when I saw, like I said I would. Best battery stats i've seen in an app. Great work. I recommend this to everyone I see.
Congrats on launching the paid version, best of luck and great clean widget!
Not only does it look great on N7, but it also has a gorgeous interface. Best battery widget imho. Hope developer will make similar looking apps/Widgets. Please support him buy getting this pro version.
I had been looking for a battery widget for a while that I liked. There were several good ones but this one just feels right to me. I think that the main and dock widgets for the Asus pads is great on my Prime. The dev is great in responding to emails and wants user feed back. I bought this, after using the beta version from the start, to help support the dev and the great app.
Works great, the prediction is reliable, and the chart is handy. The built in 1% hack is also fantastic on my Atrix. Had it since beta, happy to pay for it.
Had since beta, excellent for tracking life and expected depletion. Worth it.
Had since beta, excellent for tracking life and expected depletion. Worth it.
Said I'd buy it as soon as a paid version came out, so I did.   Happy to support this dev, this application is the best battery app out there. The widget part is just a bonus.
