Using Galaxy S3. Since adobe threw away support for flash Firefox is the only way to see flash since it internally supports it. Too bad the app is writtled with bugs that makes surfing the web horribly difficult. Chrome is a thousand times ahead of this, but they're missing two very important things: flash and add-ons. Firefox is the browser I use on my computer. Would love to see this app revamped.
man Still not available on nexus 7?!
Dolphin browser better
Its sucks...
It locks up my entire tablet and I have to hard reboot it.
I was looking forward to this browser, but when I installed it I was let down. Not only is it low quality in graphics(4 out of 10), but it was slow and very lagged(performance of a 2). To top it all off the use ability of this app is terribly low! (3 out of ten). Every time Id click on something the browser would be dragged off the screen,wayover sensitive! The ine pro is the addons, but they arnt very useful if I cant use the browser.(6 out of 10 on usefulness). Over all I'd give Firefox a 3.75/10.
I use firefox on my laptop all the time but found this app useless and annoying when trying to navigate the web.
Crashes seconds after launching. Used to work great before, PLEASE FIX! Galaxy S II.
Crashes all the time on my S2
Error in error and force close
Так плохо и нежизнеспособно! Не верю, что это Firefox
Do not install till they fix whatever is making in crash all the time.
Version 14 is faster, yes, but it ended up as a bricked app after just one day. I can't use it. It starts up fast but are only showing a window without buttons. Interaction with this blank window is futile. Also, it crashes too often.
I guess this longtime fan of firefox is done, at least with this app.Firefox to me meant privacy,  not any more.have you people even read the permissions this latest update wants you to give to this app? I am very dissapointed in firefox i am uninstalling this app.
This app not compatible with my Samsung G-Tab P1000 :((
i've been using firefox for years and its all i use. I downloaded this app months ago and it was great.. untill i updated it yesterday and it constantly crashes.. I reinstalled it today after the update that says "crashes fixed" and it keeps happening.. the new version is great but il have to uninstall the app untill it gets completely fixed.. which means absolutely no crashing messages
good
I use firefox as my desktop browser but here it came out so crap! It was kinda fine at the beginning but it can't open any page. So slow.... opera is better even.  And there's huge problems with encoding arabic sites.   Uninstalled, thinking of using dolphin now.
Frustrating app, crashes phone constantly.
How about some actual settings that don't require plug ins like desktop view.....
This app used to load fast...but lately the pages aren't even loading at all!! Please fix this or I'll have to uninstall..
Uninstalled.  This think is sooo slow and lags and hangs.  The stock web browser is way faster!  This is a POS!!!!
When i launch it my entire phone freezes up only way to fix it is to remove the battery Motorola Triumph
Crashed my Facebook account. Found many windows open. Would not close. Removed from my galaxy tablet.
top pages on open?   wtf? absolutely no useful options?  Uninstalled.
Uninstalling. No copy and paste. I would rather use stock Android broswer.
Will not work after download keeps showing package invalid error
Unpleasant webpage viewing and constant crashes!  Uninstalling!  Samsung Galaxy Note
Firefox crashes a ton on java script sites. I would get chrome but my phone is too old for it. I would not recommend this. EVER.
It froze my whole phone up &&+ iWld have to turn it off &&+ bak aqain for it to work.! NEVER since ive had my phone had iHad a problem wid ANY app.. But this one itsz jst horrible.! Im sry but it didnt work at all wid my phone..
Package file invalid
This makes me HATE technology! AAAARRGH!
You don't need sync perms or config.  Absolutely unacceptable.  This may prompt me to stop using ff on the desktop as well.
Hopeless
I love FF on the desktop, but this crashes immediately once I open it up. I have a Samsung Galaxy S II with Ice Cream Sandwich.
Yes, mozilla is fairly new to android (compared to others) however the simple ability to copy and paste is missing. The pinch to zoom is very poorly implemented. The color reproduction of images is a joke both on my Samsung galaxy s and now HTC One S.
One star only because i cannot give no stars. I have now deleted this program after reading the update permissions. Why would I ever want to give you permission to turn on my camera and take pics anytime you want?!?! Will make sure I tell as many people as I can about that!!
It does not support SGS3 on ICS.  Says requires newer SDK.
Have a LG p930 ... uninstalling
This version is the first one I feel comfortable using everyday.  Much faster than it used to be.
Maybe my expectations are wrong, but I actually expect Market apps to work. The 1st 4 common websites I attempted to view just froze.
Needs double touch to expand page, and downloaded pics are saved in the phone's memory. Should be better if u have an option to switch between internal memory or sd card.
Always freezing, slow load speeds.
Trash
Very bad very bad browser Duck it
Hard to navigate and thendownload manager corrupts the data.
Android version constantly freezes up or crashes, usually w/in one minute of opening a site. Now have to use another browser. Not happy. Please fix ASAP. Tks
Takes forever to load a page, and sometimes they don't load at all. Kept it for nearly 2 months and it just kept getting worse. Crashes a lot too.
it isn't compatible with my Samsung Galaxy Ace GT-S5830. is it going to be supported in the future?
Can someone please tell me why this browser has 10mil downloads? I use Dolphin, Opera, and Boat. Each one of them is a hell of a lot faster. Can't install any add-ons, says not compatible with Firefox 14.0.1 So answer WHY? Plus 17.11mb. Is it worth it?
Not good on HTC DHD, lots of bugs on first use. Uninstalled! Try again Mozilla
"Don't keep activities" is not possible which means it keeps running after you quit the browser....
This browser is slow compared to uc or opera or the stock browser
My phone has anroid version 2.3.6 but still not supporting to my phone samsung galaxy pocket please make it supportable since I like firefox so given a star if u make  supportable I may give full stars.
Fail. Tried 3 times. Had to kill it every time...
See above.
Dont bother, its slow and crashes! Piece of sh*t
Twitter told me to download this so I could use Twitter's main site instead of mobile. Nothing has changed. Now I have less space, and no Twitter. If Twitter sent you a message, telling you to download this app, don't do it. It doesn't help. Just write a complaint to twitter, and ask for other options.
On my stock Sprint HTC EVO 4G, I experienced one crash per day of use, each one followed by a loop od 3 to 6 "force close" upon restart.
Launches successfully, looks pretty, then hangs up before you can do anything! Pretty hopeless.
Without text reflow web browsing is quite unpleasant, even on large screen devices like the s3.
I've been using Firefox on my desktop for over 5 years, and I think its great. But this mobile version is still a slow, annoying mess. I want to like Firefox on Android, but Mozilla has made that impossible. Such a shame.
slow page render. battery, memory and processor hungry. uninstalling...
I downloaded it. Second time I used it it forced close. I can't post on forum threads. How can your PC version be so good and the Android suck so bad???? DROID X
This browser is so much slower than the default browser your mobile came with, so do not waste your time with for this. Mozilla just disappointed me, uninstalling.
Please call this browser something else it is embarrasingly bad.
My device is aparently not compatable??? This is not cool.
NICE BROWSER
Don't DL! Browsing is horrible, app is buggy, editing Page URL isn't available with DX2 using SwiftKey 3 keyboard. Don't waste your time!
It just loads without showing anything at all on my razr moto ics
I would rather use Maxthon since it has a smaller  filesize and it is WAYYY faster
Bordering on useless on my Galaxy S-III. It regularly takes minutes to load even reliable sites like CNN.  While waiting, I can go to Chrome, load the site instantly, then return to Firefox and wait several more minutes.
Crashes all the time
It's unresponsive, slow and very touchy on the link clicks. The keyboard doesn't always appear when you want to type something.
I like dolphin better than Firefox..
Lags like an old granny... It seems this is for samsung galaxy s3 and htc one x...aparently you need quad core for this lol
I liked the format, however it was extensively slow and crashed a lot.
Fails to open even a single page on my ics 4.0.4. The page keeps on loading and never displays it........deserves a negative five star
I've tried a few different app browsers. And this one wasn't even close. Not very good functionality its a clunker compared to others.
As of august 2012. Ff for droid sux. No home page set feature? Adblock prevents video playing and ff needs additional plugins to play any kind of video.
Nope, well it wont even show for me in google play, while it does here and says my device is compatible. It won't send to my device at all. I downloaded the APK from the mozille ftp, and no pages render at all. Even the ABOUT age to check the version, because if it's the same version, it's no good for me. If thats an out dated version, WHY keep it there. Nothing but trouble still... back to 1 star from me.
Not ready for prime time. Crashes all the time. Removed it from my droidx2.
I won't use Firefox for Android until you give us the option to disable the Top Sites feature.
This newest update freezes and closes all of the time (Motorola DROID 2)
Can't clear history, can't set homepage and worse than safari!
Uninstalling this. A Web browser should not need so many privileges on the phone. Account privileges are too much. If a malicious site is able to hijack the browser, it has access to your accounts, global settings, camera.. It's not pretty.
This browser blows
Can't change my homepage super unintuitive
I am using it on tablet. UI is for mobiles. Mobile friendly Websites are opening. They look different than pc websites.I want it to delete browsing history on exit.
I like the tabs implementation. But everything else is awful. I particularly hate that it doesn't render pages the same as the default browser. This is on jelly bean btw. Uninstalling.
I hate this version more than the last because you can not control your downloads, the only option with you downloads is to cancel them, also in this new version you can't open up your download and open a link like you where allowed to do in the old version. Worst part there is not place to tell you if your download failed to retry. It f**king sucksssssss
Package is invalid
Slow. Won't load pages. Freezes and crashes. Fix this piece of crap. Kthxbye.
When I go and change the settings to a larger size font or anything else, the settings are saved and they  go back to default. Boo.
Love using it with adblockerplus.
I never used it before 4.1 but man, was it terrible. Pages render differently. For the worst. It make the internet look like it did in 2009.
its.sucks eugghhhh
I wish Chrome was available for non ICS/JB phones. Went back to Maxthon browser. Never had a single issue with it.
I hate mobile versions of websites. With Firefox you download the phony add on and every website displays in desktop mode. Dolphin and other browsers still display some websites in there mobile version even after you switch the UI string but not Firefox.
I installed it on my droid x and I hate it! It takes 2 clicks to navigate for almost everything. The header bar never disappears. And if I'm using internet explorer, It asks me if I want to choose firefox or internet explorer.
It's slow, it crashes, it closes the wrong tabs.
Crashes/freezes ALL the time =(
There are better browsers. This is horrible. When I hit Firefox shortcut, I want ff browser to come up. Not all this other crap.
and crashes, and crashes, and crashes.
Liked it before v 14. Now it crashes...alot. Tab mgmt got worse too. Upgrade sux, can I go back?
Dude - how is it that Firefox is  not the most popular browser on Android? I don't get why there are so many bad reviews.  I've tried all the browsers. I was solidly in dolphins corner.  Not anymore.  I can't believe adblock plus works on it either.  That rocks - and it speeds up the browser a lot!  Love it. Keep up the good work mozilla!
It was a great browser but since the update, it constantly gets hung. And I liked the interface better before the update. I use a Galaxy S. That is all.
Well since I can't use this "don't keep activities" with Firefox I guess Firefox isn't going to be on my ics. Stupid....
And it's slower than dolphin. I'll keep using dolphin.
Not as fast as other browsers, glitchy on Facebook website,  memory Hog when using the browser and on existing the browser it makes the launcher lose all icons and widgets for about five seconds before they return.  ICS 4.04.
Laggy and unresponsive the complete opposite of the computer browser DO NOT DOWNLOAD
Awfully slow to startup. Awfully impossible to load a single page. Awfully useless. Awfully bad app.
Doesn't work on the galaxy s3.
Don't work
The address / tab bar seems extra large.
"Put the firefox you love at your fingertips".....nonsense! Nothing like firefox on pc. Its like some shoddy developer made it, not a well known company like mozilla. One good thing is the use of gestures..... Put the gestures into a better app and you've really got something. -UPDATE- They removed gestures.....the only good thing about the app. Absolute rubbish!!!
The worst application ever. Everytime I tried to use it I had to restart the application. They need to fix the bugs
I love Firefox on both my PC and my Mac but on the Android it's even crappier than the default browser it came with. Too slow. Hard to click on links. Glitchey as heck! UNINSTALLED!!!!
Bugs, bugs, bugs. Force closing, some times need phone restart.I think FireFox BUG not internet browser. Used in Galaxy S II
Slow, complicated set up for initial use...Dolphin seems to be a better choice
Do norlt expect support until you add older phone compatability
So slow, i type anything for searching, my phone gets hanged every time
Snap to zoom is terrible. Zooms way too much. No import bookmarks, no easy access to bookmarks. Love the desktop version but mobile version sucks.
Noooo! Desktop integration is good, but an app that makes browsing to desktop sites really annoying  And memory hog  Mirren's the way forward
Loved FF on my PC and thought this would be good but texts on some pages are either too small or too big. On Google when I type in the search bar its so small I can barly read but the search results are big enough for Ray Charles to see. And why in the world does it need premissions to take pictures and videos? Not sure if the default browser needs that premission or not but that's just nuts. All in all I was very dissapointed in it and for those of you about to download it, don't. It sucks.
Bad quality
No text search function.
Locks up all the time no point in downloading
It doesnt work on my tablet..
Can't install on HTC Desire with miui, why?
I have 480 pixels of screen width and Firefox opens every fscking link zoomed out to the full page width. Nothing is every large enough to read without zooming in. On every fscking page. Totally unusable and never going to get fixed it seems.
It is very slow even on WiFi .. Chrome is better .. It takes a life time to load a webpage for which chrome takes only 2 or 3 seconds ... I wish I could rate this minus 5 stars
It used to be good before the interface update. Now it is a featureless annoying piece of crap.
Please fix it
Language is not English. Can't read menu to change
I expected much more from Firefox. It won't even open without freezing my phone (EVO LTE)
On my galaxy S3
But this version doesn't support my tablet. Really?
I love firefox on all of my computers, but this mobile app is terrible. It's slow, clunky, and the links don't open right. A definite uninstall.
Its ok.. Not excellent... I don't know why. My dual core phone slows down in this browser..!  Plz make it fast..! Less heavy..!
Can't delete back log
Heavy and slow, and it consume so much memory, every time I use it with more than 1 tab my phone has to refresh the internal memory.
LG optimus 3D slows my phone.. Crashes often too often. Every page o got to keeps telling missing plugin and the crashes i dont get with android stock browser or opera. Im unstalling from both pc and phone due to the same reasons
Slow.
Slow.
Fix it, this is annoying.
Fix downloading issues
Highly enjoyed until it started force closing every other Web Page
The first browser to actually give me so many problems. For smartphone, this isn't the browser you want.
This is bad. Mozilla removed the option to set your own home page and forces us to use theirs. Oh yes we can access previously viewed pages on their home page, having to look through, but what if your like me who likes to clear the history often. BAD!!!! Sorry but don't like it. Not using and... 1 star for it. Uninstalling. Guess ill try a Google browser on a Google OS next.
Never finished a download ever. And if it paused it will not allow you to continue the download. I download music from bandcamp and mediators and it never world on Firefox.
Constant updates, constant breaks. Don't bother.
dont install on galaxy young.....
Constantly freezes my tablet. Really slow and problematic. The browser search goes on.
Keep opening on add ons my browser works better than this
They stopped supporting my htc evo view 4g!
As soon as I go to any website it crashes. Fix it please. Using Dell Streak
On my xperia mini pro, 104mb free im , error comes during installing.
Updates crash this...does anyone test this, really? Or do you send out and rely/use the users "send error report" as your lab rats? Very frustrating.
It keeps freezing and it takes a really long time to load pages. I end up having to take the battery out of my phone, and putting it back in.
Freezes my tablet every time i use it.
Terrible formatting, nothing fits, when I zoom, everything goes in different directions. The android browser works better. Too bad, because I prefer firefox on my desktop.
It is working on my RAZR. I would give 5 if it could play flash on full screen and if it will work correctly with SwiftKey
Took forever to load. Deleted it!
constantly crashes
Since last update, firefox keeps crashing everytime i try to view the open tabs. Problem happens almost  100% of the time. Using Samsung Galaxy Nexus
It registers me touching the screen lower down the screen from where I actually touch it, resulting in clicking the wrong link etc Makes FF completely useless! Galaxy S2 (GT-I9100T) Android 4.0.3
I am a fan of Firefox since 2004, I think, and because of this I tried it on my Samsung GT-I9001 also. When it first crashed, I said: shit happens. But, it crashed again, and again. Finally I went back to the browser that came with the phone and everything is OK. I will try Firefox again when it gets rid of the beta sign. Maybe, it will work better.
After update, I can no longer open attachments in yahoo email, nor open html links.  Also seems to be incompatible with Kindle; once I've opened one the other freezes and I need to restart my tablet.
Excellent job with tabs. Sites are launching full versions rather than mobile. Not sure if its a feature or a bug; not sure this gets it. Also, no on-device import, no chrome import. I will probably wait for chrome
No desktop mode
Dropdown menus and links dont work.  Good layout but i am unable to click half the links i would like.
Not explain
Horrible
After the last update, FF crashs freqiently. There is also a background process that crashs
I dislike apps that don't shutdown when I close them so I configured my phone to not let them run. Firefox can't seem to handle this and shuts itself down rather than browse a web site. A web browser that can't browser the web isn't a web browser.
Unuseable
Device isn't compatible with this new version/update?? Fix!!!
Super slow on droid razr running ice cream sandwich. Cannot zoom or pan either.
I am a great fan of firefox desktop but this mobile version is a total disaster. Chrome for android is so much better. Firefox for android is too heavy and keeps becoming unresponsive.  Plus the settings wont open until a web page is loaded. I will stay tuned for future versions.
Lack of copy text
Why not compatible !?
No support for all androids. Trash. Google chrome go ya beat.
The factory browser it better than this one very slow and unresponsive installed and uninstalled 5 minutes later
Extremely slow, doesn't handle buttons or drop down menus very well. Buggy. Uninstall.
The password option no worky and no home button to get out of whatever page you left it on? That's a big privacey fail . Why does iPhone always get the better stuff?
But the Android version is not good. Can't change user agent, text flow is terrible. Worst of all, it went and threw icons (for FF and any favourite I added) all over my home screen - and there is no option to turn this off! Difficult to clean out cookies and cache, all in all, a pretty dumbed down version of FF. Dolphin and Opera are miles better.
Very unstable,causes nook to lockup requiring reboot.
You can't highlight text and copy it! Unacceptable. Uninstalled.
Freezes all the time, terrible UI, and no way to make your home/start page. Uninstalled!
Stupid I would rate this 0 stars
Very slow loading compare to opera mobile.
This version is actually a downgrade. Really sad. I had to change to chrome.
As of v14, certificate management is impossible, leading to users being able to install site CAs.  The browser is limited to import from a URL only - there is no proper certificate management UI as on the desktop release.  However this import screen crashes the browser repeatedly, leaving it impossible to get a cert installed. :-(  This flaw is holding back an otherwise excellent program.
Love your Web browser but your mobile one always crashes  Had to unistalled it...
Why remove tablet support ! Previous versions worked now this one doesn't.
I need to downgrade FireFox back to the version, which had copy-paste functionality. How to do it?
Loads pages extremely slowly. Also, it inefficiently reloads pages when reopening FireFox.
Can't even load the page, while safari work perfectly.... Very disappointed with the latest update...
This would be the best browser out there except for the fact that it freezes at least once an hour and only force stopping the thing will fix it. Happens on my LG Nitro.
Make it work on my tablet, and I will probably use it. Until then, Chrome.
Slow, crashes phone whenever used. Given it a chance, now uninstalling
Huge loss of functionality here. Please reenable text selection and copying in the next update!
Of all the browsers I have tried so far this one demands using both hands.  Needs disable Javascript function.  Needs close all tabs. Needs copy URI. Closed tabs reopen next time browser starts! Freezes requiring phone restart. No cut, copy or paste!  A big download for little real usability. Overall feel is smooth but unwieldy. Summary: It's nowhere near able to be my first (or even second) browser of choice on Android.
The orbot add-ones is not working...   Please fix it.
Basic functions are missing. No way to change location folder. Epic Fail!
The new design is terrible. The whole split forward and back buttons is conpletely stupid.
Was nice, but permission creep killed it for me.  Browser... not marketing tool.
This app is missing features on my Samsung Galaxy SIII that it is supposed to have but doesn't.
It worked great at first, but now it wont even load a page. Aside that when your on a web page it wont let you highlight a word to copy to clipboad.
Very slow
Does not do drop down  menus on web pages
This program always ends up taking up all of my cpu computing ability and doesn't allow a adjustable zoom past a single setting
The ultimate browser for computers but the worst browser for Android devices.
Best Browser is Opera Mobile.
best for busy people...
I have always loved Firefox on my laptop so i thought ill still love it if its installed on my Galaxy Note. But boy i was wrong... Its a total crap! I can seem to click on anything! I have to click it not once but maybe thrice or more to load to the next page that i wanna browse! Such a disappointment! Uninstalling! Goodbye android firefox! Maybe ill just stick with pc firefox! -.-
Another program trying to invade what little privacy you have left.
I LOVE Firefox - just not THIS Firefox - on my HTC Droid Incredible 2, the screens shake, icons won't activate, all kinds of craziness after I installed it.  And when I removed it, everything is back to normal.  As for the graphics  - Mozilla's designers should look at how Dolphin does theirs - nice app, easy-to-get-to bookmarks...decent speech recognition.
Poor form, it doesn't work on Nexus 7.
I've been using the Dolphin browser for some time on my Droid X. Just downloaded this app and it is painfully slow. Going back to Dolphin.
Not easy to use
No copy and paste is a killer for me... Wont be updating till u get it added / sorted out! Previous versions had it so why not this!
Runs super slow. A lot of websites choke up and take forever to load or load improperly. The browser that came on my phone was much better.
Sucks so bad on razr maxx crash fest
Fast enough but unussable because does not have an option for desktop view. Who wants to see the web site in mobile version?
Crappy
Crappy
It has improved a lot but Dolphin is still much smoother and faster.
Too many blank screens waiting for initial load and bringing up pages. Unistalled (ffox for windows rocks tho!)
Can't open any websites.
Doesn't tap to enlarge page, sluggish and cumbersome. Deleted.
I have only one question,  why did you bother?
Just like the desktop version! Mozilla has really jumped the shark. I've had this on my phone since it first came out, and I've literally never actually used it, because it's too slow and unstable.
Very poor compared to the desktop Version.Wouldn't recommend
Slow, no home page, google search page too small, tabs not really tabs but pages oh did I mention its slow. HTC sensation xe. Dolphin still blows it away
Completely sucks when using 3G connection - can't locate any web page. There is no search.
Can't even use Google image search....
This has loads of nice features but sadly without support for copying text it's pretty worthless.
Sucks a##
Firefox crashes lg optimus elite
It used to work... now it doesn't.... what the heck?
New version sucks!
Feeling really bad for firefox. Even after reading comments, downloaded. But, they were right. Not yet stabilised
befor the this update me can whatching scholl site but in this verssion don. t can why in my colllege site when touch ing and waiting opened the meno but this in version don. t opened pls fix fix befor this update better than this
I found this a huge let down the stock browser on my htc desire hd at least allows me to set a home page if ff does i havent found it ..i dont  want to synch but that is glaring at me when i open it all gone ..
It always hangs when i am playing a video,and when i can play it it freezes from time to time
Stay away.  You're better off with Opera or Dolphin.
Galaxy nexus
Don't work....Sigh.....flash...flash.....flash.  I hate it.
My regular internet browser wrks Fine, jus dwnloaded Firefox to see wut it was hittin for nd it was nothin, its was sois today so I uninstalled it.
Made for computers this app is awful, worse than the original web browser on my phone
Used this for all of two frustrating hours , just open and work for gods sake this app is like a guess your own adventure lol can u even set a home page on this ? Fail
Lacks basic function such as history clear, home page etc.
Displays google in desktop mode when searching from Google widget. Otherwise a great browser. 1 star because this is my main use for Firefox on my HTC One XL
Why do they need to access my camera? I am uninstalling it.
This is just ridiculous.  I was able to install all browsers I could find in the Store, except for Firefox.  I'm using Acer A100.  Guys, this is not acceptable.
The last update removed the great uithey had before.  I've got a droid pro(qwerty candybar) and now have to reach my hand to the top to get tabs rather than flick to the side.  Inconvenient
Keep crashing. Disappointed.
Read title
I found this program to be very unresponsive most of the time and over sensative at times. Also doesn't work well for when you are typing like posts like this since it doesnt move as you type.
Well theres not a benefit to use compared to androids browser. Slow and not compatible with lots of media
The app is great but my only complaint is that it freezes the entire phone for a couple of seconds every so often. And im not the only one this has been happening too. Kindly adress this issue please.
I just unnstalled this again.  Nor user friendly at all. Have a Droid 3D.
I used the beta and started to like but since it's out of beta no longer compatible with my phone: Samsung Transform Ultra :(
so wtf is "my device isn't compatible with this version"?  so tell me which kind of device is suitable for this version
Tablet never crashed until I installed Firefox.
Can't Copy/Paste. Really?
I just got a brand new tablet and it doesn't support it yet
Wont work at all on my HTC desireHD, freezes, crashes. Locks up phone, been a FF user for 9 years but this is a piece of junk.
No compatibility fixes.
this version not better than previous one...I can't select word from the pages to be copied. Also image option in setting not to be found.. plz fix
F%@&ing slow. Got all excited for the download, but Firefox is about 5x slower than my stock browser.
It does nothing after I open it, even the first time. The browser is constantly in a frozen state and each time I open I have to turn off my phone.
Not so much, stock on mine is way better! Needs complete overhaul! Rethink your approach to mobile browser and learn from dolphin etc.
So many features are missing since the last time I used it, Installed.
I like how FF loads quicker now. Still needs work. Doesn't auto-fit screen. Can't zoom and fit screen. No tap to zoom etc. HTC G2
I use Ff on PC but this is bad. Poor interface and almost no options. There are several *much* better than this. Between this and so called new versions on  PC every month Ff is quickly making me look elsewhere. What a shame so much wasted potential.
Added unneeded permissions ... Uninstalled and 1 star uninstalled it changes back.
It's not a worthless app, and I love Firefox for desktop computer, but the Mobile app just isn't up to par. It slows down my phone considerably, doesn't have a very intelligent search/URL bar, and you can't select text on a page. I do love adblock plus on it though.
Since version 13 or 14 is not possible to install or upgrade FF from market on HTC Desire T-Mobile version (Europe). Only ftp way is working.
FF offers an extremely basic and crippling Web browsing experience. It offers the absolute most minimum of features, some of which don't work very well. Try checking your Gmail account and try to do anything substantial to see what I mean. For some reason the Dolphin browser gets this right but no other mobile browser can come close.   Sorry FF. I love you on PC and had high hopes for my phone but you're probably the 3rd or 4th choice when it comes to mobile browsers.
When I google search something in my stock browser it comes ylup with mobile sites as the first results but this comes up with full webpages. Also the google page is more cramped than the stock browser. For these reasons I think I prefer the stock browser. I do like the tabs feature and the search bar though
First impessions - visually fantastic, but try clicking on a link with finger or stylus means almost stabbing the phone to death. Good concept, poorly implemented, uninstalled.
beta crap
HTML rendering not accurate. No auto zoom-in when textboxes get focus. No mobile-view either. Resume: my phone's browser is way better unfortunately.
Not compatible
Having been an avid Firefox user on Windows for years, I was very pleased to hear that Firefox was now finally supporting flash on the latest mobile browser.  Words can hardly describe the disappiontment that this version presented me with. Lack of style sheet support or what ever it is, I have not seen the internet look this bad since the early nineties. On top of this, Firefox now comes with preinstalled Twitter and Amazon add-ons which can NOT be un-installed. Luckilly it proved easy to un-intall Firefox
I am reluctant to give 1 star reviews, especially for something that is free. However after an update a few months ago Firefox on my Galaxy S2 has been shockingly bad to the point I cannot use the browser any more. Any links or buttons on the page take about 5-10 clicks to respond. When I type text into a text field spaces get generated between each letter so is impossible to type anything easily. It's basically unusable.  I'm a developer myself so know that sometimes things go wrong, and so I thought I'd wait for an update... however months later and one hasn't arrived... hence why I'm giving you 1 star Mozilla! Fix your bugs so I can go back to what was once my favourite browser!!!!
Would be a good browser if it didn't crash so much. With an average of every 5 minutes between crashes its useless! Not worth 1 star!!!
Don't waste your time- get beta.
Nice look but Poor usability. I must use my two hands to browsing which i dont like. Opera mobile still the best!
Lacks functionality that's built into my default browser... Can't select text, can't search for text, doesn't recognize phone numbers and addresses
Can't use it on my rooted book. Bummer. Opera is slow and dolphin is buggy as heck.
First off, I love me some Firefox on a PC, so I really felt this would be the browser for me on the Android. Wrong. It just doesn't work on my Galaxy Nexus. I'm sad, because what I can see of the interface looks really slick. Unfortunately, I can only get the title bar of a web page to load. It'll sit for a few minutes, then I'll get a popular saying something to the effect of "Firefox is not responding. Do you want to close it?". You can choose wait, but then you just have to kill it manually. Fail...
Lol, fail. How other browsers have flash support and work perfect on GB?
As a huge Firefox fan I find this application frustrating and disappointing. Not once has it worked properly for me - it gets stuck within the minute I open it and it freezes my phone to the point which I actually have to take the battery out. Please fix.
I love Firefox on my Windows and Mac machines, but this Android browser stinks.  I'm sure Mozilla will fix it - hopefully soon.
Not compatable on a HTC desire.  I can use ff on a 10 year old desktop computer but not on a 21 month old phone.
Doesn't work well on phone. Might be good for a tablet, but Dolphin still blows it away for phones.
Sync has an extremely difficult interface that for some reason doesn't actually Sync.  Bookmarks from desktop version do not pull into the android version.  Uninstalled and will maybe try again.  Unfortunately Chrome's browser Syncs bookmarks perfectly with the desktop and is vastly superior at the current time.
Browser froze, and then caused system crash on Honeycomb OS. Had to factory restore the device.
Constant syncing, locks up phone, very slow, large battery use. Sucks.  Worked fine before update.  D2G
Frozen...too big file...slow respons on my galaxy w...
Call me stupid but I couldn't find the url entry box so gave up and uninstalled the app
I love Firefox on my PC but this is a big disappointment on my EVO4G. Page loading is much slower than other browsers. It ignores my screen gestures half the time. I really wanted to sync bookmarks but this browser is nearly unusable.
RUBBISH
The app was slow and often unresponsive, and it didn't keep sessions when swapping between apps
Not happy with the fact that i can no longer use firefox on my android cannot use this even though the min spec is 2.2+ and im on 2.2.2
Like the title says...garbage! Should be negative stars.
Right now, I cant seem to update as GooglePlay tells me that "This item is not compatible with ALL your devices." Thankfully, there is Chrome.
Doesn't work with jelly bean at all. :'(
Pics are downloaded and save in sd card but not shown in gallery like the previous version! Have to use roots app to cut and paste to gallery manually! I'm a Firefox fans but this one really disappointing.
Tried this after chrome froze on me a couple of times. I think I will go back to it and hope there is an update / reinstalling fixes it.
Lousy browser, no email menu's
I am not sure those guys at Firefox are actually smart enough to build a browser that would work for Android tablets, but so far they've proved they are not: the latest version of Firefox for Android is NOT compatible with tablets! Go figure!
I want to use Firefox but no desktop mode means uninstall.  Desktop mode is standard in every browser hope you fix useless till then
Not sure why someone can't make a decent browser.
Not compatible with Asus Prime. Bad Firefox Bad.
synkkaus sekoitti ja tuplasi kaikki toolbar bookmarkit, voi helv...
Says it's better than phone's browser, but can't even zoom the page. Deleted.
Don't bother. The ROM I'm using has no stock browser, only chrome ( no flash either). Get with it Mozilla. This is all you do, I expected more. Uninstalled
HORRIBLE
Half baked... this didn't make the oven. Samsung s3 crash zone avoid.
Version 14 is not for a browser which one could not select and copy/paste text. It is an important feature for my awesome smartphone! Fix it
Can't change user agent... WHY?! This is the main problem amongst lots more... UPDATE - Gave it another go. Garbage. No where near as good as Dolphin. UNINSTALL
This app is incompatible with your Asus ASUS Transformer Pad TF300T.
Installed on my phone and after using this just once locked up my phone. Had to reboot just to get back to my home screen. Uninstalled right away. I can't believe this comes from the same folks who develop the desktop version.
After promising flash, they release a version that cuts off all tablets from upgrading. Nice job mozilla, I'll be using chrome from now on.
Not a big fan of flash but for the moment we need it for some websites and this version of firefox still doesn't handle it...so bad...cyanogen 7.2...
U did nothing in the last update the app still don't keep activities
facebook style really sucks ....... makeing not using this browser at all
Hello why is mozilla not compatible with samsung tablet P1000. please the update still not compatible
Bad for face book.i cant copy and past in that site
Did not work at all on DROID x
First time I used it to search it crashed
Latest update they totally screwed up the great tabs they had. Now no reason for browser, new tabbed system is horrible.
Nothing works. No video (audio ok but video flashes on/off). Sllloooooowwwww. Pretty plain sam gs ii.
having used Firefox on my PC for years, i really wanted to like this app but i spent hours trying to sync this to my Samsung droid phone so i could have all my devices using the same bookmark. I tried installing and uninstalling the browser on my laptop, i created a new email to sync too.  in the end I was very disappointed and decided to continue to use the Dolphin browser.
Cannot install the latest version on TF101 or the Asus Transformer 300 or the Nexus 7.
Cm9 on touch pad not compatible....will wait for update
Huge waste of file space. Dolphin is only about 3.5mb
Not usable...uninstall
Nice try, it's just not a mobile browser.
UI layout is horibble, at least give a way to change tabs without using a drop down list. Chrome has swipe to change,opera has a tab bar...
Isn,t compatible for Samsung Galaxy Tab 7.0 Plus in Indonesia because using ICS.
Its not compatible with my nexus 7?? Update please.
I love firefox.  But the mobile app is slow and clunky.  Android 4.0, dual core, and 30 mps Internet.  I should not have an early 2000s mobile web experience.
You new android browser basical sucks. I use Firefox and I love it on my desktop but for my phone it is Dolphin HD Browser all the way. They have it figured out and it is more user friendly. I know you will get it eventually, but until you do, i will continue to use Dolphin.
Problems with clicking on things and opening websites.
Problems with clicking on things and opening websites.
Just openening up Google and it looks like I'm opening it on a 1900's Nokia. Its like its a thousand year old, tiny looking version of Google. Complete rubbish
Still no good. No full  desktop view. Who wants to enter to the phone  version of webpage anyway.
Worthless without flash; is it available as an addon? Clunky loading and problems panning. Uninstalled staying w/native browser until improves.
Not compatible with my Acer Iconia A500 What?? - all previous versions were compatible - WHATS THE STORY NOW???
Trying to find browser that will stream music. Firefox failed  :-(
I had high hopes for this, as I'm an ardent supporter of firefox for pc's. But I immediately found out it doesn't wrap text, which is what I love most about android vs iPhone.  I won't be using this. Uninstalled without even trying anything else.
This is crap. It reformats text size even in desktop mode (which I had to get an add on to use). Zooming is weird, UI is slow. I love Firefox on desktop but this is unusable when there are other options like Dolphin.
This is crap. It reformats text size even in desktop mode (which I had to get an add on to use). Zooming is weird, UI is slow. I love Firefox on desktop but this is unusable when there are other options like Dolphin.
Having issues since updating. App will boot, but closes shortly after.
Major fan of Firefox on the desktop, but this is missing so much basic functionality that Opera and, in some cases, my in-built browser has. No way to disable history/top sites, no way to set a homepage, no way to view/edit bookmarks without first opening a new tab, no security settings, no mobile/desktop agent switch. This isn't Firefox. It's a load of crap with a Firefox skin.
For some strange reasons it says that my device is not supported :( HTC Desire , Android Version 2.3.7
still won't let me dwnload them!! always says not for 14.0.1 version!!!
Worst ever!!!!!
Asus Transformer Pad "not compatible"! Get it together -or- Go Home!
It's marked as not compatible with the Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1, yet the beta works fine.
NO COPY/PASTE ALLOWED??  A formerly great app now rendered useless in one fell update swoop.
Its not much different than the standard browser, and a minute after opening it the first time it crashed and shut down my phone and I have the Motorola triumph with 2.3
Delete
Only android 2.2+ ?!
For some reason this is marked as incompatible with my Asus Transformer Prime. Not cool!
since getting the latest update it crashes repeatedly. add ons keep on disappearing and it doesn't allow you to see what you type in fill boxes. come on mozilla fix this or its gone
Put it back the way it was now
This app is incompatible with your Asus Transformer TF101.
I really hate the updates y'all been putting out, I really liked the older version better with the swiping left and right to reveal the options and tabs, ect.
It only gets a half star because Firefox rocks on PC. Uninstall after 1 minute of use.
Flash works. HTC EVO
I can't believe they couldn't do better than this! Incredibly hard to use and navigate. Uninstalled
Can't copy text from eeb page..!
There is no Motorola Xoom support... and Google owns Motorola, what else can you expect
Used to be great, but since Xoom got ICS, FF is no longer compatible.
גרוע לחלוטין!!!!  איטי וכושל
not able to manage downloads, not copy and paste. pages load too slow. fix it soon
People come on ! Don't go playing around . You need to fix a number of things on this app . What's so hard about . It's not as hard as you think just take the one for pc and go from there . The cell ver sucks bad . I rate this about 1 point of the point system that the tip of a star !
I love Firefox on all of my PC's. I had to delete it from my Droid X2. It locks up everytime I try to use it.
After using this since I first got my tablet barely a year ago and relying on it heavily, only to realize when I re-installing that it's no longer 'compatible' with it as of a few days ago. A little pre-warning would have been appreciated as I now have no other way to retrieve my bookmark stored on FF sync directly on tablet.
I am on a Samsung Galaxy S and the browser ALWAYS crashes. Can't get a page up for more than five seconds. This app is useless
This app is slow crashes repeatedly and hell its just slow. Use dolphin browser HD   they're fast start page is awesome and rarely crashes.
New release crashes every two minutes. Very disappointed after excellent previous release.
Firefox was great, the best. But then they updated it to what they call "a better interface and fastest version" - which is not true AT ALL. The new firefox is slow, laggy and the "top sites" has become impossible to use. It freezes all the time and there is no way they can say this is better than the old version.
Use firefox all the time on my pc but there are better browsers out there for phones.
Firefox's most recent version is total garbage. It crashes all the time. Save yourself from updating your browser. You'll regret it if you download it.
Continually crashed & caused my home sceen to restart. Uninstalled.
Doesnt work on droid razor maxx
Loveeeeee it, faster & safer!
No page will load. It synced OK but that's abt it. Goodbye.
Adblock Plus no longer works with this version. It's incredibly annoying to click on a page and be redirected to an ad.
Make this browser work for tablets too. Firefox needs to catch up here.
Stick with your default phone browser or go with Opera Mini if your default browser sucks as bad as this app. If it ever becomes completely configurable, like the desktop version, I might reconsider. For now, it's just NOT ready for prime-time. I mean, come on Mozilla, at least let me remove the crap add-ons I don't want/need/use. I also pretty much REQUIRE cookie and history clearing on exit too. Hell, I'd settle for being allowed to at least set a homepage rather than being force fed the stupid "Top Sites" page(s)...
Problem with fonts lol ... cant see anyting
The new version is disgusting and ugly. Pages don't show well and the layout is terrible now. Old version was perfect with the exception that flash did not work. Make a new version that looks and acts like the old one and add flash and you are good to go
I am a long time FF supporter so I was very excited when I got an android phone and could get FF on it! Sadly I've been really disappointed! It crashes and force closes EVERY time I use it! I was hopeful that this last update would bring some much needed relief and at least stop some of the crashing but no...it was a beautiful UI update but it functions even more poorly than it did to begin with. Really bad form folks....y'all are better than that! Sad to say I'm uninstalling.
Very poor performance : app hangs a frustrating amount.
I can't add any add ins I want not updated to 14
On Galaxy Tab 7": Your device is not supported by this application Horrible update management...
Very unimpressed with limited support for dev ices like asus tab
Poor performance... Very bad. Remove immediately
The previous version made more sense. What was wrong with the slide side tool bars. Now firefox is just as generic as the stock browser.
As buggy as ever.  Google search crashes it every time.  Junk.
Very buggy. Nothing works. Touch screen is impossible and frustrating.
The recent update has made firefox mobile terrible! I have used firefox for years (both mobile and desktop versions) and I was shocked to see that firefox would release an update with so many bugs. Not only that, the user can no longer display a home page of their choice many addons are not available or compatible. Please fix this update !
The latest update changed operation for the worse.  I would remove the update if I could.
Firefox is my favorite desktop browser but the mobile version is God awful. It's quite hard to put into words why I dislike it so much because I pretty much hate how it handles everything. Wanna watch that flash video full screen? Too bad. Wanna delete only certain parts of your history? Too bad. Wanna delete the previous URL in your search bar? Do it character by character. On top of all that I can think of right now it's also just plain poorly optimized using more RAM than other browsers and going slower
And it takes like forever to load the add-ons page.... So slow its note even worth testing. Needs add-on just to be able to set proxy. Can't believe its made Mozilla.
And it takes like forever to load the add-ons page.... So slow its note even worth testing. Needs add-on just to be able to set proxy. Can't believe its made Mozilla.
I just downloaded this today. I have been getting an error on every web site ever since. Terrible. Think i might be deleting it
closing tabs is complicated and especially,  unable to close the last rab, cheap video playback,  doesn't clean history, no private browsing even though i tell site to not track me. tgesite you visited can't be deleted directly when you hold it.
This app most of the time when i type anywhere it puts spaces inbetween each letter making it hard to type in the browser without hitting the backspace button a million times
All my favorite websites are displaying in mobile view instead of desktop.  Back to Opera.
I'm disappointed with the phones only version of Firefox for Android for my new HTC EVO 4G LTE! It lacks everything I have come to rely on with the versions of Firefox I have installed on my laptop, desktop, and Android tablet. Uninstalled and using the default browser!
Of time...
Crashed my nook
randomly force closed numerous times. uninstalled in less than a day
There's no desktop option, doesn't make it any better than the default browser
The browser is really slow, I've tried lots of different websites and they take really long to load. It's not a problem with my phone as I've stopped all other apps running except this one.
Loading very very slow!
awesome
Any kind of URL launched from an "open with" type dialogue doesn't load at all following a recent update.
Excuse me?! A mere browser wants to modify my basic system settings?! Whatever for?! NO.
On the word
Is constantly crashing on my S II
No hc support on tab 10.1. Boo-urns I say. On my gingerbread phone its awesome except one thing, I can no long long hold to select, copy pasta text. Wth?
Just installed and my Galaxy S3 takes down. Removed the app, everything got normal.
I want to set a start page as the awesome page isn't. Now it crashes all the time. Dolphin again?
The app is crashing
I love Firefox on my pc. But this is like very different thing. Too slow. Anyway, the look and feel is beautiful.
Some nice features, but without copy & paste it is completely useless as a browser.
Con la última actualización va más lento que un desfile de cojos. Algunas páginas ni termina de cargarlas, y en el navegador por defecto sí se abren.  Y para más INRI en algunas páginas -sino todas-ha dejado de funcionar la funcionalidad de copiar...  Desinstalo. Probaré la beta, que visto lo visto a lo mejor es más estable que la estable...
I like firefox desktop, did like the moble app... Did the synk thing and it really messed up my desktop..
What the hell! I thought Firefox will improve. But I was wrong. I mean text wrapping is a kind of essential thing. Deal breaker.
I don't know for which phone this app should work well, but on my Samsung G1 it mostly does simply NOT work. The app is painfully slow, and I left the sync work for half a day (until it actually completely used up my battery) but there is no progress or change whatsoever. The advertisement on this app is vastly overestimating, in my opinion^^
No homepage setting. I hate mobile version facebook, handicap!
Es una porqueria es super Lento y las paginas nunca cargan,lo voy a decinstalar
keps crashing before entering any site
but firefox beta is better. Do not install and install firefox beta
Will not stay running. Constantly crashes.
I've been using Firefox since the very first final release and with great pain I have to say that it's getting worst and worst. 1. The moron who decided to copy chrome's "rapid release" schema should be hanged. 2. The android version is a parody. The previous versions used an unspeakable un-friendly UI. This version has much improved UI, however most basic functions like search on page and select text from it are missing - WTF?! 3.Speed - the browser is fast only on most recent devices.
Please make it support on tablet.
Just installed it and i cant even go to google. Its just loading endlessly
You zoom it and reset every couple seconds to default zoom. Cant read the small text.
Anytime I try to go to a page it crashes. Unusable for me.
Not quite as good as internet explorer. The facebook page is much more inferior, the Firefox touchpad is not compatible and it doesn't work with auto-correct.
Enormous battery drain, even when not running (sync?).
i love that firefox on your phone is just like firefox on your normal computer thats awesome!!
This app is not working at all.. it brings me to home page and freezes
Sat waiting for ages never loaded chrome works and is faster.
Can't open anything using this browser.  It used to be okay,  but now useless.  Maybe it just my phone.  Back to dolphin now.  Edit: What? still no fix from developer?
Lacks any customizable features, like home page, private browsing our the fact you can't turn off top  sites visited. However it is quicker and smoother. Just not very customizable.
I want old version back can't view webpage anymore harder then heck to click on anything!
I love this browser on PC, sucks for Android. I give less than one star.
My default browser  from now on
Wasn't bad until 14.0 was forced on me.  No more home page, bookmarks are difficult to access.  No improvements to Sync, still can't sync a lot of stuff on my phone with my computer.  Just horrible to use.  My rating of one star is actually too high, a half-star or less would be appropriate.
The latest ff always my p970 crash and freeze so i must restart my phone. Before the latest version i always use ff, after new update, i 'm not use ff any more. Opera or chrome is better.
Nothing beats MOZILLA Firefox (total respect)on PC / MAC. It was awesome until this latest version, worked fine for a couple of weeks. Now it fails to load any page.  I believe they will be back. People who know them since the netscape navigator days will know what i mean. Please fix it Mozilla. Thanks in advance..
There 1 day on my android tab gone the next. Try to reinstall and all of a sudden its not compatible. Wasgoinon?
the new update sucks. it loses more then half my downloads plus theres no more copy/pasta option. it opens extra tabs on its own. the settings are half from what they were
When i updated my galaxy note to ics, it become useless. But it worked well before.
It did not support my device
Uninstalled due to too many permissions requested.
It does nothing but force close now that I've updated it. I tried reinstalling it, but now it won't work at all. I'm done.
This is terrible. If I wanted a horrible browser I would have looked for IE. Opera is so much better than this worthless crap.
I am a Firefox faithful but this update is so slow and sticky I've decided to uninstall. Galaxy SII
You removed text selection, find in page, and gimped the UI just for a little speed? Terrible!
Not loading web pages!! Please fix!!
I've loved Firefox since day one and Fennec since day one, too.  The new Fennec takes control from me and gives it to the browser.  When you open it, it allows anyone who can see your screen to see what sites you've been on.  Not good.
I love using the Firefox browser on my phone and used to love using it on my tablet (Asus Transformer Prime) but since the update, it is no longer compatible with my tablet. Why is there no love for the tablet users?
NO TABLET SUPPORT
Agree with Val, page not loading after entering url...
Agree with Val, page not loading after entering url...
Keeps locking up or just shots down with out any notice.  Will continue use Dolphin Browser® HD
Crashed a few times so I uninstalled. All other browsers on my phone, stock,opera 12 and skyfire work fine. Sent 5 incident reports to Mozilla. Still not stable. FF14 is not recommandable. Mozilla = amateur night.
Rating revision - Been using Firefox Mobile and have been very happy.  However latest version crashes on almost every page load.  Not good.  I keep sending reports.  Hopefully it will get fixed soon.  For now, I'm going to try the Beta.
I expected a lot lore out of this app but the interface on the websites I browse look like there from the early 2000s.  Not really sure why anyone would use this especially with ICS on any newer device.
Too slow:-|:-|
This is a shame. I have always been using Firefox in my PC and never had a problem I couldn't solve. But in Android I cannot watch videos, and had a lot of problems writting in boxes. The troubleshotting guide solutions don't work. I hope those problems would be solved in upcoming versions. Untill that, I won't use it.
Excellent UI but I HATE the google site you go to when you search in the address bar. Like others have said, you cant copy and paste text. Mozilla also has a TON of bugs to iron out, and until they do, Firefox gets a one in my book.
The latest update seems to have completely stopped any buttons from working on websites. In addition, I can no longer use the scroll pad on my HTC Desire to scroll through text in an input field, as the app will only allow me to scroll the entire tab. Disappointed, as previous versions have been nearly perfect for me. Further research suggests that the app is no longer compatible with the Desire, despite being listed as such on the Mozilla site.
Droid charge.  And it won't sync or let me set a home page.
Always crashes on nexus s
Far better than stock browser and chrome on my Desire HD.Excellent job!!!
Rubbish
Better than previous versions but still buggy here and there.  Stock browse with RAZR seems to be more stable.
I can't browse
After installing for three times, always blank
Firefox works great on my PC but is junk on android. Have the droid x2. Can't open any web pages. Too bad, was hoping it would function better
Half of the functionality and one-third the speed of the previous version. Sadly, this updated itself and I CAN'T go back to the last version. >:(
The latest upgrade made the browser worse than stock android browser. The menus, downloads screen, bookmarks and tabs are now difficult and confusing compared to pre-update version. Uninstalled and awaiting issues to be fixed.
What?! Not compatible with Samsung galaxy tab 10.1?
Its not working good on my LG optimus 2x its not smooth it hangs over several times
Like it on a PC, hate it here. One reason among others: Can't disable the Awesome screen. I need a blank screen at startup, not thumbnails of where I've been. Uninstalled.
Well guys, you have finally managed to poison what was the greatest browser, mobile or otherwise, ever.   This is a BROWSER, it does not need to 'know where I am' to constrain my search results or otherwise. It does not need the ability to access my account manager, it runs in a sandbox to protect the remaining apps and me from malware. It does not need to access my accounts, I dont have Thunderbird email installed, nor do I want it. As to the final breach of Privacy,access to camera, wtf... !!!!!
Firefox used to be good, except for its large issues with SwiftKey, but now with all the "improvements", it just crashes ALL THE TIME. Quite sad really. Can't wait till I get ICS or Jelly Bean so I can go Chrome.
Was hoping for mozilla quality. Uninstalling.
Firefox is great on pc's but doesn't work for mytouch 4g .I try going onto a certain page and goes nowhere but to a blank page ! So I just uninstalled it
The 14.0 update is terrible! The new interface is ugly, slow, and freezes for thirty seconds at a time, all the time. Desktop sync is a killer app, but this is unuseably bad.
bad browser do nothing.. i put url nothing open.
I Love FireFox for pc but it Sucks on my phone.  Uninstalling
Crashes in gmail. Where are side bars. No navigation and refresh buttons. Option to customize home page? Stop recommended site. Find in page option? Quick way to switch and close update, learn from google chrome.
Ne prend souvent pas la connexion, inutilisable. Delphine ou stock brosser beaucoup mieux pour l'instant.
The browser is faster in version 14 but it's lacking almost all of its benefits that it used to have. They have all been mentioned already so I'm not going to list them all.  Going back to the old version of Firefox but will come back to 14 if they fix the issues.
Reviewing my ratings to 1.FF crashes too much and unlike any oda software on my fone it freezes d entire fone n forces me to do a soft reset or shutdwn...can sum1 pls look at dis.Revertin bck to Opera mini or myt try Dolphin...I love what the FF team have done to revamp the mobile browser but I feel a lil review on the code to know why it crashes a lot esp wen you try to do several concurent dwnloads.In all great job!
Websites don't look the same as with the stock browser, especially google sites. Browser is slower than the stock one and text doesn't wrap when you zoom. Just isn't as good. I've uninstalled after a week and a half of trying.
Galaxy nexus: can't find a page it just saw 98 percent of the time. can't load known sites. Loads blank pages 80 percent of the time. Worst browser ever.
WHAT DID YOU DO???? You put out an update for phones only and it disables the version I have on my tablet? Are you kidding? What idiot is in charge of your updates? I don't want a beta version, I want the version that has worked fine for me for months. At least tell me how to roll back to the older version.
How do you do a major rewrite and have it come out so bad?  I use Firefox on my desktop,  and was looking forward to the update,  but this is ridiculous.   Even the stock browser is better.
Uninstalled. Needs an update to fix maaany bugs.
I love Mozilla on my laptop, but the android version is horrendous.  It needs polish, and it still seems to render webpages making them seem blocky.  Polish it, make it render webpages utilizing each and every pixel, and it could be great.
That is a shame.....
Just like firefox for desktops..way too big for their britches and twice as buggy...back to dolphin browser.
Why bother to download this with Chrome and Opera now available? Rendering is poor and crashes my phone (nexus galaxy)
Can't set a homepage? No way, that's a basic feature I need no matter how advanced, new, different you want ff to be. Still loving the desktop version.
Version 10 was great, the tab switcher  was awesome. But version 14 changed all that. And come on, no more find in page???
Not compatible with Huawei Ideos X5. I have to change my build.prop now. You used to be cool, Mozilla.
Firefox keeps freezing and I have to force close it even after waiting 10 minutes.  This is a LG Spectrum , not a weak phone.
Firefox keeps freezing and I have to force close it even after waiting 10 minutes.  This is a LG Spectrum , not a weak phone.
Slow down my g2 sock wow donn't get
I love the PC version. Android version is horrid. Most pages don't load correctly. Double tap doesn't zoom properly. Entering text on most screens is a task. Some pages you can't scroll left to right. They nee d more r & d on this one. Huge let down for Mozilla. I have an HTC evo 3d
After update even worse. Now has some stupid scree that opens instead of going to my home Problems : resizes web page every time i tap screen. Does not have a way to shut off mobile view(mobile web pages are dumb by default making them less than useful for anyone who actually works from their phone.)  Consistently moves cursor after i have starting typing. Does not format text to fit on screen when viewing normal web page like the browser for htc phones does. Motorola photon which has an even worse browser.
There is always disgusting Android phone (user) agent while I've browsing the sites with different agents such as Google, Facebook... however there are not settings let us tune agents
why the search on page option only available on firefox has been removed?? it was the only one which had this. also you can zoom in or out the eay we could in my Samsung galaxy s2.everything else is lost with the new interface!! :( :(
So i downloaded this on my galaxy tab like 2ish weeks ago and it was messing up, go to write a review only to see its no longer compatable with my device? Seriously?
I think the 1st release was better than this one, I didn't wasn't to give 1 star but had to so I could post my anger	This thing sucks. It wouldn't do basic login on site, been syncing for 3hrs. on computer, but sync appears on phone & computer screen hasn't changed.logged into a site for me & opened some page link that I'd never seen & refused to load what I clicked. Worst thing was I opened a random page & it continued to open to it every time I opened the app. Spent hours trying to fix that issue, til I caved & just uninstall it Thought it'd of improved since first release but it looks better & works my nerves
Buggy on GS2. Back doesn't go back. Sometimes misses first character entered in to a text field. Unusable as it is now.
As title says. I expect better from Mozilla.
Setting to always clear data on exit doesn't exist. Stupid fox. Stupid!
it hangs my device.
I cant highlight and copy text wich is really frustrating.
i downloaded firefox for android and i can install uninstall but no open button after install so i can't even open . I'm not happy i hope you can fix it. i have Lg Esteem 4G
Never loads
Connot clear or edit the "top sites" list which actually shows everything you've visited lately. Have to uninstall to get rid of it. Clearing history does not affect the "top sites" screen. Won't be reinstalling until that is fixed & won't install even the beta version to leave feedback at your feedback site.
Dead slow. I really love Firefox. But its very slow on ics Samsung s2. Sorry to leave firefox
This app is incompatible with your VIP Asus ASUS Transformer Pad TF300TG.
Too slow, crashes, fiddly, I don't get the same as on the laptop. Uninstalled it.
Since my last update I have nothing but trouble opening every website. Absolutely pathetic
Ugh
this latest firefox version is horrible, every page section diff text size, cant remember passwords, poor image quality, youtube totaly broken, much slower and lags and finally unexpected crashs  .. I will use opera until they fix new firefox
Every time you switch to firefox directly from another app (multitask), it would reload all open tabs and take forever in doing so.
In the previous version, hover menus would work perfectly. Now it's just a glorified android stock browser. Cant open hover menus, bookmarks are difficult to get. tab switching is a pain now. If I found give it negative stars I would.
Not usable if you have less then perfect eye-sight. Primarily due to the fact that reflow is still broken and has been for quite some time. The only change in the latest update is that they atleast removed the setting option to enable/disable reflow. I am guessing that is because they have decided the people with low vision should not be using their app.  Other then it being unusable, Firefox Sync is pretty cool if you use it on the desktop. Makes it much easier to keep bookmarks in sync.
Worst....browser...ever. please fix this crap. E4GT
This is something I found very annoying with the older version of Firefox for Android, and it still happens with the current version: if you have folders with no title in your desktop Firefox Bookmarks Toolbar, syncing to the Android Firefox will: - move some of the folders to the end of the Bookmarks Toolbar list (ie: hidden if you have a large number of icons in the Bookmarks Toolbar). - combine the bookmark contents of some of the folders into one big folder.   I remove the names from the icons and folders in my Bookmarks Toolbar to save space, as I know many other do as well. It's unfortunate that Android Firefox messes them up like this, as I'd otherwise be using it regularly. The improvements they've made to its speed are remarkable.  Given how much work it is to fix my Bookmarks Toolbar, I have to give Android Firefox one star until this bug is fixed.
The latest version is ignoring my font setting making pages close to impossible to read. Lame.
Right after downloading it when i went to open it the screen on my phone froze then went black. I deleted it immediately!
I'm sure it's a good browser, but I'm having a really bad scrolling problem idk what it is...
Htc evo 4 G
It can't handle more than 1 open tab. Secondary tabs don't load. Often get "about: blank" pages when i try to open links in new tab. I end up back on Dolphin. Come on Mozilla team, you are more experienced than THIS sad browser! Lift your game. This is pathetic.
Why is Firefox for Android not supported on my Asus Transformer? What happened to a uniformed system for Android? When I google Firefox for Transformer I get links to the gplay download but it says not compatible with my device?!
Super
Doesn't inform you that your addons will no longer work - it just disables them. Renabling them appears to turn them on, but they don't function and get turned off again = fail. Address bar no longer goes off screen, meaning some screen space is always sacrificed = fail. Having to touch the small area in the top right to access tabs and bookmarking functions instead of sliding the entire display to the side = fail. Well done, you made Firefox mobile even less useful.
I try to run on my huawei honor ics 4.03 but it' s crashes every time.
On a PC Firefox is one of the best browsers you can ask for. On an Android device, its like taking the engine out of a Ferrari and have your friends push you around a race track while making motor noises. At some point you just get tired of the patheticness and quit. Uninstalled...
why was compatibility for toshiba thrive dropped??
Speed is faster now. Still, wont reflow text after pinch zoom, which should be a basic feature!
Needs work... Didn't even pass using google search a lot of work to clear out search box.  Uninstall and will be even more cautious with future browser trials now.  Good luck with whole add on thing.  Should do better job explaining actual release vs and beta?
It was slow for the last three versions, now it makes a glacier look like a race car.  For the first time ever, I am forced to use another browser on my Android devices... At least Opera works very well.
Unable to open web addresses. Do not download!
)HTC One S/4.0.3) It's pretty good, but I'm waiting for my favorite privacy and security apps to be rewritten for Android.  But as it is, the stock browser still has an interface that's better in some ways.
Getting 1 star for this bullshit update and new look and feel. Terrible.
Getting 1 star for this bullshit update and new look and feel. Terrible.
The latest version is a mess.. The render of web pages sucks there are white boxes overlaying the content.. what good is a browser if u can't see pages.. and I can't click links majority of then time.. and when it does work its hard to tell the browser registered
Does not render pages correctly. I have a work portal i go to, the initial screen is a sign on page. Firefox renders the fields so tiny as to be unreadable. I know i can stretch the display but i should not have to. Dolphin and the stock browser renders it perfect. Also -1 for no email to contact the developers.
Too slow, dolphin browser is much better
firefox is cool for desktops... but not smartphones.  the browser installed on my phone has way more features and functionality.
It crash on me
Bye firefox I still love you on my pc but its just not working out on my droid I would say it me and not you but you know its you
Flash now works. Getting better as it comes along, still no Dolphin killer, though.
The older version was displaying all the fonts correctly.. just upgraded and all the fonts are displayed at different sizes.. some are unusually bigger than required.. this is a serious usability issue.. please correct this before we move to some other browser.
Super slow loading than internet explorer app.  I have tried certain links quite hang too.
Gives this message:  "This item is compatible with your device.
Since the last update,FireFox crashes with everything I try to do! Please fix!!
FireFox is my favorite browser in my PC. I am big fan of it for it's add-ons etc. I was very eager to install its mobile version in my new Motorola- Atrix 2. But I'm totally disappointed with it's rendering time for webpages. I was using Dolphin HD browser in my smartphone which was super fast. I expected the same from FF. But no :(. Google search works fast and when i click the link from google search page, it take huge time to display the webpage. Hugely disappointed. However, the UI is nice!,.
typed url, nothing happened.
It won't let me type and it is so slow
Seriously? In landscape view the text is just a strip down the middle - waste of time installing and then uninstalling this ap.
So much faster then before but I hate the new layout, usability just plummeted to hell. And, it has trouble refreshing the page unless I switch tabs or exit out...but the redesign alone drops my review to 1 star.
Always hangs @ 85% while updating or reinstalling.. Prior version working well but, with some flaws &.still O.K. Rolling back.....
How to downgrade this version? it's sucks.javascript wont work.close multiple tab more frustrating. This version must be the alpha ver. Too many bugs
I'm tried to open my account banking card but it runs no hope,not responding at all.. I touch any option but isn't respond..
Crashes if I have more than 3 Windows open and I click on embedded video links.
Can't download and save pictures or documents!!!! Way to EFF it up Mozilla!!
I was using this on my Acer Iconia A500 with ICS, now it's not compatible with it anymore?  My other tablet (a viewsonic viewpad 7 is running 2.2.3) and it's not compatible either.  Guess I'm stuck with the old version on my tablet.
bla bla bla, its ok and simple
Its so incredibly unresponsive and glitchy. I wanted to throw my phone across the room every time I got on the web. Just a badly made app.
I was a big fan of Firefox mobile before the latest overhaul. The main beef with this one is that it just doesn't feel like an Android app. It's an iOS app. On top of the awful flexible scroll, even scrolling itself feels different than in any other app. It just makes the experience really horrid. There are reasons for those native app guidelines...  So I'm waiting for the next overhaul or Firefox Home style approach like on iOS.
I was using Firefox browser earlier it was working fine, but the new updated version is not working on my phone.pathetic :-(
Older one was good...
I've tried multiple versions of Firefox for Android, including Fennec, Aurora and beta versions on an EVO 4G and Droid Bionic. To date, they can't compete with Dolphin HD, Opera Mobile, or even the stock browser in terms of performance, reliability, and functionality. One reason I tried Firefox is the add-on ecosystem, but the ones I've tried (e.g.Phony) don't seem to be compatible with the newest Firefox versions. I'll keep using Firefox on the desktop, but I'm done trying to use it on Android.
It does not work on Galaxy Note N7000 with ICS.
Nothing to be surprised. Freeze. Waiting for chorme
An absolute memory hog. Freezes phone immediately after app is tapped. Phone only recovers after the app is killed. As a firefox pc user, i am very disappointed.  LG Optimus 2X Froyo 2.2.2
The old version is very slow! But this version changed my Impression for FireFox Android. Is amazing, very fast and smooth.
Previously it was fine, but after so called mobile "performance improvements" I cannot browse the bookmarks or do a google search becouse of the unresponsive app. Majority of the time the app simply crashes
cannot copy paste..fail!
Un-Installing...
Being excited that firefox have a great pc browser, is now available for my new s3 :) Sadly only opens start page. Cannot access any websites for some reason. Shame, at least the android browser works, and very smoothly.
If thwew was a zero stars rate i would have done it because it is not doing its job (browsing)
Very huge package without nothing. Phony addon is another flop. Using android mode it even cant open google search from address bar.
Firefox before the 6/38 patch was awsome, firefox mobile is going the way of Windows metro. Plz bring the old firefox back.
What used to be an OK beta browser that worked on all my android devices is now an absolute POS that is only supported on half of them. I am absolutely flabbergasted at the terrible strategic decisions and crap code that now drives this once-great project. Firefox has become this generation's IE - A laughingstock of web developers everywhere and a dying browser for end-users.  This new version officially cements my decision to stop using and supporting this browser in all my current and future projects....  may you rest in pieces, Firefox - you just lost me for good.
This version sucks!!!!!
I updated this app and I've already uninstalled it. Not a fan of any of the new changes.
Installed the latest firefox for Android on Android 4.0.3. It does not load websites. I've used Firefox for years but no longer!
Pages just hang. Clearing history doesnt always work. Oh well.
The cursor is in an area of the input box where you cannot see it.
Fantastic except it has a widget for Web apps I would really like to explore buy I don't know how to get any. Only addons. Any help? Instructions? Update: can no longer click anything. Very big problem.
Before the update, Firefox NEVER crashed on me at all. Now it always crashes when u do the same things and before and its ridiculous.
Freeze my phone 3+ times now. Slow. Even with adblock addon not worth it. Back to boat browser.....id rather tolerate the annoying ads than this crap.
All of a sudden it wants access to everything! Want to leave Mozilla feedback about it? Sorry, you have to accept the permissions first. No thanks.
Unistalled both they need a lot of work - sorry I wasted my time.
Slow tab switching,hard to setup sync and top bar too thick.Google Chrome for Android or even the stock browser is better.
Mozilla,  Why did you ruin firefox?  It was so easy to use, was easy to use tabs...it used to open up to a basic page.  Less used to be more...  Change for the sake of changes is bad, and now so is firefox.  :u(
Does a poor job of resizing text on double-tap. Text remains tiny and impossible to read. Uninstall.
Really need to add support for Tablets, not compatible with Asus Transformer Prime
Everything was great !! But when i updated it to the last update all my add-ons stopped working .. U better find a solution !!!
The interface on my Samsung 7.0 works more like an older IE. Last update was very nice and was able to get and work with all web sites. Now a 90% failure what ever you are doing. Gone back to the browser that came with the unit.
Not working on galaxy note.
Opera is still 10x faster than this..installing..
This blows balls won't even get to home page before it crashes ain't worth a f#ck that is all
Installed firefox, aurora and nightly: Nether of them can even open a web page. Sorry but for a new browser on new phone (galaxy note) it's just too much.
full of bugs
I upgrade to this version and Firefox CRASH in each site I access! I recommend you NOT to automatic upgrade it
I use Firefox as my default browser on my desktop and really wanted to love this mobile version. Url's not loading, or taking centuries to even load half a page. Until something changes, I'm using the default internet browser.
No smooth movement, slow browsing, cant select anything on any site. Absolutely horrible!!
Can't load any page. 10 minutes and still waiting
Very slow...I know it's new so I'll come back later
Tried to use this for a day and the aggravation was unbearable
No desktop mode to really test flash support.
It keeps crashing before any pages load.
You did it Firefox team. Thanks Finally  I m able to uninstall it from my S2.  Keep the good work. Soon everybody will be able to uninstall.
While booking a flight on jetblue the final payment screen redirected me to click on a url link to complete the transaction (which normally never happens on google) so I clicked on the url and it led me to a blank page right in the middle of me trying to complete the transaction & after 3 attempts  I was not able to complete my purchase. It's slow, has a small screen cause its inside a box, and was not able to copy/paste text or photos. Uninstalling.
Wayyyy too many crashes on my lg optimus lte
Still unable to type in firefox on Android.
Still unable to type in firefox on Android.
Huge amount of crashes History problems  Font problems e.g. Marathi language has font problems  Dolphin browser doesn't have that problem
Doesn't open web pages on my Droid running ICS.  And also, no tablet support... come-on really?  This is 2012, hello?  Who the heck releases garbage like this and thinks its acceptable?  I'm not sure what audience Firefox is intended for.  From my perspective, the stock android browsers are light years ahead.
Very lagging, not very response, the old update are better even it had an ugly interface compare to new one with good skin with so huge problem. Even to tap an icon i need to flip potret n landscape so my time to get it done and to make the tapping respon.
FIX PLEASE!! evertime i type something in google and hit "search" this app crashes! also the older version was better! the UI changes suck now! everything changed and now you no longer can swipe the app left or right to see settings :(
Wow, nothing like the app on my pc.  Get your act together this thing blows.
Used to allow privacy  & security add ons.  Not anymore! They might not take your's or my privacy & security  seriously but I do. Bye bye. HTC One X 4.0
Keeps force closing again and again.. especially when I try to browse through mobile data it's  a big disappointment. HTC one x with ARHD 7.1
After recent update I can longer scroll up/down on embedded pages. This was the only reason I used firefox and now that feature has give. PLEASE FIX!
Love firefox on my desktop, but this android version just doesn't cut it. Crashes every time I try to load a page that isn't an about: page
Really slow and the sites dont look good
Can't get it to sync to bad uninstalled
slow and lags heaps... use the beta release
Total crap. I have Mozilla on my laptop and my desktop computer and LOVE it! Android? SUCKS. Tonsss of bugs. Maybe more stars if it wasn't so slow and buggy. Half the time it won't pull up the mobile version of the site and you have to Google the mobile version of a site then click on that to get it. Only awesome part about this app is the SYNC part of it where you sync the bookmarks and favorites from your other computers. Otherwise, until updated, don't waste your time, space, or data for this app.
Useless.
I downloaded the update and lasted an hour before uninstalling it-it's slower than the previous version, critical addons don't work - yuk, I'm now stuck with opera until I find a rollback
Why the f... is this app incompatible with my tablet ?
Ok i must comment that i like how fast version 14 is however at least i could save images to my sd card in the previous version but in 14 they save somewhere through the stargate in the pegasus galaxy never to be seen again ... i am reverting back to my old version till that major epic fail is fixed
Does not work at all. I use Firefox exclusively on my PC but this is rubbish.
Incompatible = uninstall
the best browser i have ever use
Can't see full page
Not good on HTC Desire S, keeps shutting down phone.
Why the new permissions? Not updating.
Loads okay but crashes as soon as I type into the address bar.     Don't even get me started about what a headache syncing is.   Major fail from Mozilla.  Now I remember why I stopped using firefox and went with chrome on the desktop.
often crashes and causes my phone to freeze. lg optimus black.
i cant select text
No doubt faster, but can't full in any forms, can't even do a Google search, as it won't let me type what I want to search. Takes in input , and like backspace n delete it instantaneously.
Seriously no copy paste on ICS gnex ?
Loved this until todays update. Now when on fb when u scroll right the top bar of facebook is static can't see anything to the right of the search bar. BLAH!
I cant copy and paste. Links dont open.  Do not recognize bookmarks. You trasform this app in a trash can!!! ;(
This browser is trash. It's crashed on me 7 times while trying to view Web pages, it's years slower than my STOCK browser, and whenever I click links in other apps it just reloads whatever page was there before.
None of the add-ons now work!
Why does this app have to have camera views? Why should I give up my privacy to an app? Who's watching what?!
When you go to search, it won't separate words with Swype. A Google search brings up different results than the stock browser. This brings up nothing relevant to what I'm searching for.
Changed user interface? Now FF is just like all the other crap brower interfaces, and I can not uninstall the automatic update. Epic, Epic Fail. Mozilla Why change something that was the best already??
Can I go back to the old browser?  Slow and crashes on my atrix
Why it not work on my phone ?
One of the worst mobild browser ever used in my life....no shortcuts and people are comparing it with Dolphin....it is not even better then Opera Mobile browser
Sync used a month's worth of data in an hour even though data saver mode was turned on.  Had to remove the battery from my phone once because it caused it to freeze.  Firefox has frozen several times.  I never had any problems until the update to version 14.
Still a long way to go.
will use when i can install the no-script
Why does this browser open websites in full desktop view instead of the mobile view?
No support for the HTC Desire. Can't even get the old one anymore. Really upset about this!
Not compatible with 4.1
very disappointing
not faster than e.g. dolphin. doesn't close site on exit. no private mode. poor options. i have no use for this.
I don't like the start page. I don't like my history being tracked.
Crashes when checking gmail and hangs when opening a link from within a page	It completely crashes when I try to delete an email in gmail. Also, I miss the way I could slide the screen to the right or left to browse through open tabs and to open favorites. It also keeps hanging when I click on a link within a page..especially there are flash contents on my current page.
4star for r10, one star for r14: in r10 we can swipe the page left and right to get quick toolbar, but r14 removed this.  r14 also make adblock not working. bad.
Same as pc version, uninstalling. W8 for ics and then only chrome.
What an improvement!  Much faster, better layout, and did I mention faster. Great work. This is what I expected when I sought out Firefox for my phone.
It's not loading any website. Even on a strong wifi connection. It just keeps showing it's loading forever, when other browser work just fine. I've even uninstalled ffox and installed it again, but no luck. Modiffying my 5 stars to 1 star, i gave it 5 stars first whitout testing it, just judging by how the beta looked and behaved. Please fix this, i love ffox.
Unlike the desktop version, it is cluncky and the interface is not intuitive.
First, Firefox refuses to show anything Galaxy SII. Secondly, there is no way to change the search engine to Bing. it forces to use Google.There is no openess in Firefox. Microsoft and the public should start a class action suite against Google of hampering competition.
Lo actualice y ahora no Habré ninguna pagina alguna sugerencia  Cuando funcione le doy las estrellas bien
Exiting browser causes GO Launcher to crash on Droid X.
Can't see the menu button.
No.
Latest update ruined it. Can't even click on links and buttons on a lot of sites.
Automatically becomes ur primary browser
Firefox is important to me because OPERA and the stock browser cannot launch CITRIX web application  Now, its incompatible. Why?
Negative 5 star because of that! Very disappointing.
Horrible! Going back to dolphin hd
Latest version NOT available for Samsung GT-P1010
When switching from wifi to 3g and vise versa,  firefox looses connectivity permanently,  requiring phone reboot.  This does not happen with android default browser
Despite all their efforts Mozilla can't still get the auto zoom right.fonts too small, page not well balanced. My browser of choice on the desktop, the worst one on my phone.
Sucks, why am I now forced to give up space for the address bar the entire time? No option to autohide? What happened to the tab interface, it was so intuitive before and now they've just botched it.
I just updated to version 14.0 & don't like displaying top pages on the screen. Couldn't find any option to change that either. I want to be on my own home page when the browser opens. In addition, now it requires whopping 17MB on internal storage. I have moved the app to SD & cleared data. But as soon as I open & close the app, it takes humongous 8MB chunk of my internal memory. In general this is the most space intrusive browser for Android vs. Dolphin that takes only under 4MB. Uninstalling.
Still not working ofter the update of 14.0v. Kindly change the version.
Droid x. Constantly locks up and reboots my phone.
Honestly not worth the trouble. The default or the dolphin browser are much better. Still no copy and past options. Text overflow options. Come on mozilla stop slacking. I will reinstall this if you add those basic features most mobile browsers have.
I am really saddened by how crappy Mozilla a gotten over the last year. First starting a rapid release schedule that has broken all the plugins I used now my tablet isn't supported. This was your last chance with me Mozilla I am officially defected to Chrome.
∞FCFCFCFCFCFCFC
I can't seem to do it.
Lists as not compatible with Samsung Galaxy: Tab 7.7, Tab 8.9, Gio... (But still working with Note & Xcover?)
New update is really nice. I loved it..... Really best browser for android.
Certain websites just don't work. Click on links and they don't do anything! A lot of hype for nothing. Back to stock..
Not diggin it. Don't like the top sites on the front page, let me put my own!
I already had Firefox Beta installed on my Asus TF300 when the latest update was released. Now, all of a sudden, my tablet is incompatible with Firefox? Why? There's no reason to drop support for a device that was already working.
Fast but lacking essential features - can't easily clear/disable cache etc. and constant haptic feedback is truly annoying. But, getting there.
With only one tab open its a real pain to get the address bar to work. The about:blank is stuck in the address bar when I select it to do a search or enter a web site. This of course messes up the entry and gives me an error. Did you guys actually test this before you shot it out the door. More like beta 2. When it does work its fast so ill give them that. Better luck next time mozilla. One star cause there is no option to give zero.
Nice update
Long press does nothing? Umm...fail.
It took around 30s to type an URL address to address box. Very unresponsive and laggy. Its funny that i see a lot of positive reviews while this piece of program cannot load up normally like other browsers. Dolphin is much lighter and smoother. Opera loads even faster. I uninstalled this after a few day of usage. It is totally UNUSABLE. Samsung Galaxy Vibrant, on ICS AOSP.
Not working properly. I can't open any webpage. Other browsers work
with this new version it's not possible. I have a galaxy s2 and ics. would you fix it?
Please Make for gt-p1000
Is not opening any website after the update. Hate to give rating so low just to get the developers attention
Updated on my Gallaxy tab 2 now the browser stop working.
It's not compatible with the Galaxy Tab 7.7 on Honeycomb 3.2. Just disappointing...
Google Chrome is still the best Android browser!
Crashed twice on first two uses. Would rather use stock browser at this time. Hopefully next update can cure it.
not good. can not copy text and text blocks
Not ready for prime time. No config. Text flow missing. Back to Dolphin. Uninstalled
I was actually hoping this browser would work, but it runs slow on my HTC Thunderbolt. It also won't load a simple website I use to check my email all the time.
Won't connect to anything without hanging.  Uninstalling until updated.
Slower than a constipated turtle.
I was hopeful, BUT that was in vain. This version of ff still has wierd rendering behavior, and locked up my phone soooo badly that I had to pray to the lil green android to reboot itself. Can't take the battery out of my RAZR.
there isnt a 'share' button, how do you expect me to share things???
Could not select search engine default, everytime I hit back it would close the app.   Everytime I typed in an address it would do a search engine for what I typed. Why not just goto that site? After a about 5 minutes of harassment. I uninstalled.  Maybe next version I will check again.
The new version is a backward step. Some sites render wrongly, and two of my favourite sites are almost impossible to use as they regularly crash the browser. If only I could reinstall the old version! :(
The new version is a backward step. Some sites render wrongly, and two of my favourite sites are almost impossible to use as they regularly crash the browser. If only I could reinstall the old version! :(
Version 14.0 crashes constantly after most search, opens the first link after every search, takes 12-15 seconds to load a link and the screen got more complicated to use like when you click a link it doesnt open on the first try
Very nice looking UI but somewhat jerky response when moving up and down on pages.  But unfortunately it caused my phone to hang completely, and I had to remove the battery to restart it.  Needs a bit more work!
It is a disgrace that Firefox is the only browser for Android that is incapable of rendering pages in true colour, resulting in ugly banding in gradients and colours that don't quite match how the pages were designed.
I was expecting more settings to tweak. This does have a nice user interface, but still. The stock browser on my EVO LTE & google chrome are better.
First venture to Firefox, total let down. Meant to be fast but is way and I mean way slower than default android browser.
No longer works for my phone.
Constantly crashes.
On droid x
This app is incompatible with your Samsung GT-P7500.
Pages load a lot quicker than previous versions, and the interface is a lot cleaner looking.  Unfortunately they removed a lot of options, everything I click opens in a new tab with no way to change it, whenever I try to enter text it opens the address bar first, and ad blocking software is currently not available for this build.
Seems like it could be the culprit eith my battery charge problem. Eiped my phone and battery would charge and load properly . . . Installed furefox again and my phone won't hold a chsrge for more than 30 minutes going from full to suddenly empty.
No option to switch mobile view or desktop view. Need fix.
Previously it was a piece of crap now its amazing but missed one important thing "copy paste" I'll  give 4 starts for now
Can't even copy a URL into the clipboard.
..already during the setup (v14). worse android browser still.
This post is not a joke. Is Mozilla joking? Not funny. No text entry seriously reduces browser functionality.
This is what annoyed me so much. Even you have another great UI and speed for browsing, i can't rate it to 5 star for firefox  Why didin't one of those developers think to add this "select text" feature ?
Galaxy Nexus 4.0.4 Freezes up when trying to go to any Web pages I type in.  Really like Firefox on my computer but dissatisfied with this version. Uninstalling.
It keeps force closing
Unfortunately this software is incompatibel with the most devices on the market. Samsung galaxy tab 1+2 and HTC Desire users simply cant download this software
DO NOT INSTALL!  Does not work at all on ICS 4.0.4 on Google Nexus S 4G. The new upgrade is terrible. Nothing works. The UI has been destroyed. A terrible, terrible release. Went from the best android browser to the worst.  Problems: 1) I can't see any of my addons. 2) Browser chruns, but doesn't load anything 3) No drop down menus, no I can only see two options at a time 4) Even the about:firefox tab doesn't load 5) Disabled the do-not-track feature during upgrade (EVIL!)  I wish there was an easy way to go back to.  This is a horrible, horrible release. A terrible embarrassment for such a great browser. It seems like this wasn't tested at all. I guess it's time to move to google chrome. :(
All I can say is...this browser is not as good as the opera browser, need improvement to beat the opera browser
Still a poor browser!  Force Closes when trying to play flash...no better than beta version. facebook, twitter, & other web pages look like the old, ugly versions of android 1.01. The flash player lags severely. Text doesn't re-align when resizing. Still VERY POOR in my opinion.  --Android 2.3.6 Gingerbread
I use Mozilla Firefox exclusively at home because it is the best web browser out there. Wish I could say the same for this mobile one. Main issue is it crashes all the time.
Unless I can select whether javascript is enabled, it's useless to me. Uninstalled. I'll stick with Dolphin.
Không tốt bằng dophin...
What possible reason could a browser have to act as admin on my phone? Not upgrading until the permission is removed
It won't even load a webpage! Absolute crap. Looks nice, but misses a lot of functionality. Stock 4.0.4 web browser blows this out of the water.
no good. made previous links unusable. am uninstalling right away. one star because system does not allow no star.
First time using it. It forced close twice. Gave up after that going bk to dolphin browser
Installed this yesterday. Crashed more than browsed!
Stock browser is so much better than this, firefox makes facebook mobile look 5 years old..uninstalled
It used to be OK not great. Ver. 14 broke it. It renders only half the page, text input fields don't work, for me unusable. Exactly the same issues with the Beta. Uninstalling.
такого убожества мир еще не видел
how to update the flash player in this firefox? i cannot view some website that has flash :(
The worst browser ever!!
STILL . NO . TABLET . SUPPORT .
I know Archos is a small brand, but the Archos G9 tablet runs ICS and should be compatible. I will correct the rating once I can install it. 'cause it looks great.
Getting force closed in my HTC EVO 4G With HTC Sense 1.0 Gingerbread. Sucks!
Not compatible with asus tf101 tablet Please fix
This is nowhere near where I expect a Mozilla project to be at launch.  This is more alpha quality than release.  Stock, Dolphin, and Spearmint are all faster, more stable, and easier to use.  And how can another browser bring a working Mozilla sync to Android *before* Mozilla?
worst browser !!sucks!!
Can't effort any text field without it hanging fora long time. Sgs3
Crashes every time I try to load a page. Keep trying.
Firefox through and through on pc but each android version has been more disappointing than the last. HTC incredible s. App removed, I'll wait and try again....
I read several articles on various sites praising this as a close competitor to Chrome for Android but it's not even close. My first experience was the app taking over a minute just for a Google search. Then on that site that was only small image thumbnails and text it froze up and the browser crashed. Performance wise, it's still as slow as the stock browser. This is a waste of time and the data it takes to download it.
why is this not compatible with galaxy tab?? galaxy tab 8.9
Beta was better. Now a slow pig. Going back to stock browser.
I installed the update... And now its just a big piece of crap! I can't use this garbage at all. Thanx for ruining an otherwise 3.5 star app. It was perfect before, it always froze or closed out & I hated that it took up so much space. But dang, atleast I cld work it & get further that the 1st page before it died!
Tried to use it twice and it crashed twice = uninstalled.
slow, clunky, no faster than dolphin browser.. especially with dolphins newest dolphin engine beta. firefox just doesn't cut it.
Won't load any webpages not even Google
Usually not responding.
Unable to install this on CM 7.2.0.1 on HTC Desire. Marked says that it is not compatible with my device. Older betas worked fine on it.
Very slow to load pages on Motorola Triumph, If after this update the application improve I'll rate it higher
Flash support! Lier....!
Cannot display any web page on Galaxy Note!
Last update made tabs unusable on big 4.7" screens. I'm very disappointed.
Still in alpha.  Crashes every time I try to use it.
I'll try this for a while but so far not too impressed.I use the desktop version but Dolphin is still better than FireFox at this point. Reflow is a problem as well as overall speed. Copy paste?  UPDATE!!   I played around with it all day. It is not ready for prime time yet. Uninstalled
Nice ... you'd expect a beta-release to have compatibility issues, but a final release should be compatible with all the major devices out there before being released.  Samsung Galaxy Tab 8.9" 4G LTE (SGH-i957) / Honeycomb 3.2
"firefox is not responding would you like to close it?"
Still Buggy, uninstalling and going to continue to use Boat Browser, still best out there so far.
De-installed. I was hoping for the best, but.... Evo 4g CM 7.2 RC3
Freezes and force closes constantly. Does not work at all on my Atrix with CM9. What a shame. Going back to Dolphin.
I have an important page with frames (Nagios) that worked fine in FF10 but is half blank in FF14 and the links won't work. Can you offer FF10 for enterprise support like the desktop version?
Page won't load. Stock browser still works so it's not connection problem. Anyone has the problem?
No home button?
It worked fine until the most recent update...  now nothing loads.... ever!
Installed and my battery just drained in 2 hours. Removed all good now... Premature release, no tablet support. Mozzila can't seem to make a good browser for Android.
Scrolling sux lagging, zooming sux lagging clicking links doesn't always work. Installed with phony and abp addon.  Samsung S2
FAIL!
Couldn't get a single Page to load. Loads quickly in Chrome.
I had to give only 1 Star as there is no more support for tablets. I was sad panda when I got home, was really looking forward to installing the version on my Galaxy Tab 10.1 Wifi
Can't get past first screen. Can't access web. Waste of space right now. 30+ secs to not even load a new page vs 2 secs with opera. Yup great improvement.
Google browsers are still better.
just keeps closing itself. its total bullshit
Oops back to a rating of one.  Adblock is missing.  Still pretty slow.    It doesn't install to tablets or maybe to Android 3 or higher.  Still doesn't support the uastring.  Flash video playback is awfully slow.
What's the deal.  No tablet support?? Why isn't it compatible with my Acer Iconia A100?  :-(
I'd love to try this but sadly it seems its not compatible with the archos 80 g9?
The old format was much better.. I dont like this one and all the problems it causes on my phone... I want the original back
Why mozilla WHY?? I was able to download the older version and beta version but now i cant. Please if youu support devices like my desire ill rate 5!!
Cannot use with eepad prime
.
I like firefox on my comp..latest update not keeping up w/ my 4G..UI is just whack..
New version is no longer compatible with the Galaxy Tab 10.1. Really why would you take away device compatibility?
No matter how many times I try, it won't let me log in to my google account. Browsing is more comfortable with default browser.
No matter where I install Firefox it sucks , so no surprise that it sucks on my phone, (and it ain't the phone)  going  back to google browser
Crashed as soon as I tried to download a add-on. Chrome, stock and dolphin almost never crash. Speed is improved though and now with flash support there's some good news though.
Huge fail. Can't load a single web page.
The worst web browser I've ever had sticking to chrome and dolphin browser HD
Fast, but start page showing all my prev sites I've visited is crap. Bookmarks and awesome bar is crap. Add ons are crap. Cant compare it to stock or dolphin browser. Shame really as on a p.c, it's my go to browser. This browser feels sooo 2010. No find in page or copy and paste in this day and age is crap too. Deleted this within ten minutes of use.
I read all the reviews b4 even attempting this app. Almost sucked in b4 hand just by updating my new phone... No reason to pay for this app when Google nav is free. Verizon should offer this service for free!
Are you pushing me to use IE instead? :(
Crashes after loading a page or two. Beta was better, sometimes successfully loading as many as five pages before crashing. More work is needed. Much, much more work.
This browser is still mis-renders webpages just like it has from day one.  Some text is huge while other text is tiny and placement of webpage elements is off.  Now it's only slightly slower than the stock browser, as opposed to hurrendously slow.  At least it doesn't always redirect me to my ISP's site saying "webpage not found" like it used to.  Honestly Mozilla, I expect a lot more from you.
Seriously? What is with the revoking support for one of the most popular tablets I the latest version. It seems I'll have to find something else to browse the net with. Not very impressed with this move.
I've downloaded and installed this 3 times today, each time i type a suite address it crashes. No bueno.
Pages are not loading on sgs3.  Only Firefox Haddon and starting page work! Please help
Why in the world is this not compatible with the Transformer Prime?
A big upgrade for Android, and it's not compatible with ANY TABLETS? Thanks, Mozilla.
Previous versions were terrible. I hadgood hopes for this release but it doesn't support tablets or ICS. Cannot install it on my asus transformer prime.
Useless AFAIAC because of the way it displays fonts: difficult on the eye. Did a straight comparison with Dolphin & standard browser: loses hands down.
Thanks so much for the update! I was a rare supporter of Mozilla for Android and was excited when I heard about the update. Unfortunately, Mozilla, you stopped the support for my Android 4.0 device. Dolphin browser, here I come!
Crashes a LOT
Reddit doesn't render correctly. Couldn't log in to Facebook because typing sucked. Sooooo worthless
I am going back to the stock browser.  This is still missing numerous basic features almost every browser has.  Did nobody comment on the Beta version?  Oh well, back to old faithful - stock.
Ics browser + is too good and this firebox is still not very great to lose the former
Making you jump through hoops just to add add-ons is a deal breaker for me. It's like they don't even want you to use their software!
New update removes ad blocker and Tor proxy mobile settings... Will give more stars after FireFox fixes this... Or will delete eventually!
This is not the same Firefox that we all know and love. It still has to remember history until you manually press the clear private data button at the settings. Besides that, we should all expect that a fast web browsing means no ads loading in the background, therefore Mozilla should put Adblock plus in its add-on list. However, it didn't so it still fails to provide complete support for ALL ADD-ONS. Please consider this Mozilla, as some people are just going to waste their time downloading and uninstalling Firefox.
All the hype and it won't work on the s3... fix it I'm going back to the beta version... at least that work even if it was slow.. Disappointing ..
Pues nada, seguiré disfrutando de Dolphin, pero, ¿por qué no puedo instalarlo en Desire?
Tried the new update...my old comment still stand -- WTF is this Mozilla? This is a piece of crap browser that acts too much like its made for the desktop and not a phone. Ugh pathetic!!!
Just one word awful slow, unresponsive, complete rubbish
Worse than regular Internet app
Firefox doesn't support tablet anymore！
Didn't even work for me
I don't know why Mozilla releases it as stable. Facebook doesn't work in desktop version, even using phone add on. YouTube desktop also horrible. What is this browser for? Mobile version is Ok on default browser, so Firefox still unuseful.. Uninstalled.
Algunas paginas lucen como navegador de hace 10 anos
Not easy to use
Used it for 20 minutes and at least 4 times I would type in a url at the top, hit enter, and the new page wouldn't replace the old one until I hit refresh. Also no Find feature, really? Delay between hitting a link and having it highlighted makes it difficult to make sure you hit the right link when they're crowded together.
Twice as slow as stock browser
Less control and features. Also crashes and freezes.
It sucks because it is not compatible with my DROID 2!
I ~had~ this installed on my Acer Tab A500 and liked it. I did a factory reset and noticed it didn't come back after restoring apps. NOW it says it's not compatible. That's just wonderful, thanks.
Seems like the problem with swiftkey is back. Same problem stopped me from using firefox about a year ago. I'm sure it's a great browser but since I cant even type in a url without switching to the deafult keyboard it's totally unusable for me.
Doesn't work on my Droid3. Force closes. Loaded twice with no success. I'll stick with browsers that at least run...even the OEM is better.
No tablet support cannot change mobile sites
No full screen, no full website option? Still WAY behind....................
Why I can't zoom in on *every* page, including the default starting one??? Why???? Once more - WHY???? Android has no screen magnifier, so it's up to apps to provide larger font sizes for people with low vision. And if the page gets zoomed, sometimes the text doesn't get re-formatted for screen width. Awaiting your answer, Mozilla, now it's possible to answer reviews. And BTW, your last version isn't compatible with my Acer Iconia A500. SO STAR DOWN, and THUMBS DOWN AS WELL
Even with the new update this is still pretty awful. It loads the wap view of many sites including Facebook and Google. Idk why they can't let it open the standard android view on web pages
Until the Firefox developers get a clue on how to use haptic feedback in UX design Chrome is the winner. Uninstalled.
My stock browser performs better. Benchmark tests agree. Even with the latest version, not as good as the  sensation's browser!
The Tab 10.1 is on the supported devices list but I can't install it from the play store.
Too bad. Used to love it.
Not fast, blurred while loading, skipping back pages took an age.  Stock much better. Xperia play
Still rubbish!
Will not load a web Page been trying for an hour now. Have full Internet service.
Great news, except that lots of people will get this message: "This app is incompatible with your TIM Samsung GT-P1000L.", even when the required Android version is 2.2 up.
laggy as hell. cant tell if its phone or what.
Im not sure how mozilla could call this a good thing.  I can only speak of my phone, nexus one, and the performance is sad.   Pages are taking forever and often dont complete, scrolling results in this odd image blur, java scripts on engadget hangs and blogs this browser down in the mud where ig belongs.   Opera is and always will be the fastest browser!
Really? Is this the best you can do?
Crashed on the first launch. Uninstall.
Regular browser will not work after downloading this app.
Slow, unresponsive.
This is aweful and after the last update it says it isn't compatible with my device. ... unistall and it doesn't even deserve one star
Play won't let me install on my stock Galaxy Tab 8.9 running Honeycomb 3.2, model number Samsung GT-P7310.. ;-(
I really wanted to like and support Firefox. The browser has been my favorite on regular PC and great tools for my web development work. However, I just installed Firefox for Android version 14 on my Galaxy Nexus running ICS and I had to give up with huge disappointment (for now).  After installed this morning, the supposedly functioning version 14 failed to even a very basic task: Open a website (URL). After typing any URL address and click GO, Firefox went nowhere but a blank page. I tried this several times but no successI tried with Google's default browser to compare and Google's browser uploaded the same URLs with bullet fast. Clearly disappointed, uninstalled it and hence the "one" star. Will see if Mozilla folks reviewed this and see what is going on with their Firefox.
this new version has no arabic support !
Really????
Most irritating browser ive used so far..buggy,crashes... HATE IT
Make this browser for tablets!
What the hell, this app is 20mb plus, im rooted and i cant minimize the size of your app, do some work and dont have it take up an 1/8 OF MY RAM...
Now this app disappear from my google play application list. Even it is not appear in my play store when using search option with 'firefox' as keyword.  please fix... samsung galaxy tab 7.7
But the latest version crashed only few sites into bookmarking. Absolutely unacceptable.
My Google Page is not loading....
I saw the YouTube video about this new release, have some the Android Market Place to find I'm unable to install Firefox on my Samsung Galaxy Tab 7.7!?!
Let me know when you add text reflow... Meanwhile, uninstall.
Not ready for prime time.
firefox doesnt supports dell streak 5....
Well, it finally starts instantly, like all other android apps. However page loading is so slow that it makes firefox the worst browser on android. I'd tate it -1 if I could. SGS2
Won't sync, won't except password, even after changing 3 times and confirming WILL NOT RECOMEND OR USE ON DEVICE OR DESKTOP
No text selection, tab switching just as tedious as stock
Its supposed to be "tablet optimized", yet not available for Asus transformer?? huh???
Still forces mobile version of websites,  and no option to view the full site.  Uninstall.
0 Stars   1st time to see update remove device compatibility !!! Why I cannot update to ver 14 on Galaxy Tab 7.7 ?!
The address bar behavior is incredibly unintuitive. Unlike how other browsers hide the address bar until you scroll up or hit the menu button, the address bar is permanently shown on the screen in Firefox, unless you install the full screen add-on, which results in the address bar never being shown at all.
firefox cant install my tab 7.7 why? it tell (this app is incompatible with your starhub samsung tab p6800??? why why why
Force closed on the first page I tried to open. Going back to chrome.
Love FF on Linux and windows but I'm very disappointed by this mobile version. No flash drops you one star in my book and the font used in the UI is awful for non-English languages (mixes serif with monospace). Such a basic inconsistency is pretty bad for one of the best browsers (and with excellent international support)  for the desktop.  Update: Now it's incompatible with my TF101, so it's upgraded to be "better" and it breaks compatibility... good one FF.
Darn it
I couldn't bookmark a page. I saw the tabs, but no bookmark star.
I use firefox on my home computer and find it easy to use and navigate but for some reason i am unable to add to bookmarks. Unistalled for this reason.
Useless! Use Dolphin
I cant watch any vids on hulu and other websites, my default browser works better then this. I need plugins to watch vids.
I have a HTC Desire with 2.2, 512mb ram and internal storage enough. Why can't I download??!?
Doesn't work. Pages don't load. Just shows a white screen.  Such a shame. I love the desktop version
After installation Firefox loads up but as soon as you try to go on any website it's just a black screen. Firefox 10.0.5 does not work on Sony Xperia Sola!
램 엄청 잡아먹어서 폰 껏다켜짐 ㅋ;
All my web pages have a and a few other letters in superscript. Really embarrassing for a Team like Mozilla
Can not convert to desktop format.
Used it for five minutes awful interface not user friendly and crashes on websites other browsers are fine with opening.
Each character in a word has a different size making it impossible to read. Please fix this bug.
You're the first app to ever freeze my phone. Uninstalled.
Says package file invalid.  HTC one x
Doesn't let me use my Swype keyboard. Fiiixxx!
Had to delete this app after crashing. Plus its a Lil suspicious this app can go n take pics at random times n videos to collect them.
I love FireFox for my desktop, but sorry you missed the mark with this. Not set up at all well for a small screen, and could be the only browser I've tried that seems slower than the standard browser
Maybe its just my phone, but this app is no good.
Just not the quality browser I expected.
The browser never quite does what I want it to and crashes during video playback all the time. Then you have to spend 5 minutes getting back to where you were.
Still firefox uses the ugly default font style for Arabic language not the user preferred font ما زال فيرفوكس يعرض النصوص في المواقع بالخط القادم مع الهاتف وليس الخط المفضل عند المستخدم
Thought this would be a great app since I love using it on my computer. When it works it's faster than the browser the phone came with. But it freezes up all the time and is worthless on my LG Spectrum. Sticking with the generic browser that came with my phone.
Earlier versions were a little slow and buggy but now it's very good. Best feature is the ability to sync tabs and bookmarks.
Still needs an awful lot of features. Dolphin is 10 times better for now.
Stock web browser is better. Dolphin is also a lot better. Choice between Dolphin or Firefox. Go Dolphin. I love Firefox on my pc but on my android it is so so. GS III. Again try dolphin it is a much better experience. Thinking of uninstalling Firefox. Really wanted to love it.
App is non responsive/crashes a lot. Please fix. HTC inspire
Loved firefox, it has been my browser of choice for the better part of a decade on my computers.  However, the last update for droid has made it more unstable than a squirrel on amphetamines.  Force stops, freezes, locks my phone.  I hate to uninstall it but may have to.
It is not quite as big, but still crashes both my Android 2.2 phone and Android 2.3.7 tablet. And is so slow as to be impractical.
To put it short: crappy!  Laggy, hangs when loading, mobile interface is almost absent-not touch friendly, few options, resource hungry. Opera and Dolphin still better.
(Galaxy Note)
I mainly used Firefox for Android because of the easy access to traditional browsing buttons (back, forward, bookmark) and its quick, easy to use tab navigation.  With this update, not only are the buttons gone and the tab navigation made terribly slow and awkward, but breaks compatibility for several of my add-ons.  I realise that performance improvements were made, but I'm pretty ambivalent about them.
Sync never works right on samsung charge
Couldn't read the words on page wouldn't zoom, causes my phone to freeze slow loading. Love on computer not on Android. To bad cause some of pages I need to view require a newer browser.
I love firefox, but it takes up too much data on my phone.
Crashes often.
Had to uninstall.  It is just too buggy on some sites.  I was hoping for more. The interface is nice but i need a more reliable browser.
Crashes my phone after about twn mins of use fix and five star...
Works very slow compared to standard android browser and opera. Im running it on a dual core1ghz. Looks good but not worth the waitin
Could be better
Not private or secure. Saves info and history even after you tell it to clear.
Firefox starts at boot and uses 69% of my battery.  I didn't even open the Firefox browser this time.  I have to uninstall until this battery issue is fixed.
How to untrack web?? Even i uninstal and instal again, it cant change setting Now with this browser i never download from adfly Please fix it
This would be a lot better if I can copy and paste, and have a little arrow thing to help me type in the middle of a word, my thumbs are too big.
Completely stopped loading pages today. Switched back to default browser which is working perfectly. Galaxy S2
Looks nice but so, so slow. A lot of work still needed - will check back in 6 months.
Really slow, ugly lay out, cant download properly. I really enjoyed using the previous version, this one just sucks, 2*
Flash not always working
Opera browser is better! No!! Internet explorer is much better than this app!! :/  Its very slow!
I love Firefox desktop version but the android version is quite disappointing. It conflicts with other downloads like when you are downloading from play store. Also paste from clipboard doesn't work in some sites while it works fine on home page. It also takes lot of ram than most other browsers.
This is a very hard to use slow browser! Love this on desktop or Netbook but for Android it sucks. Need option to delete top sites and downloads.  Opera still fastest and most user friendly.
Installed on tablet running ICS - lasted about 20 minutes before crashing. I was able to install Adblocker and enjoy browsing without annoying ads (which ruin the internet for me) , went to my fav video site and watched half a video and then Firefox crashed and has never worked since. Guess it's back to Opera. If only Opera blocked ads... :-(
More trouble than it's worth. And slow, too.
Feedback: can close button for tab be moved to right? Feedback2: Copy and paste is completely broken.
Terrible. It does not react well to touch: I have to tap a link several times before it opens. A frustrating experience.
I've noticed lots of glitches on sites that work fine on the android browser
Only thing it has going for it is adblock
I really hoped this could be my new browser, but it's just too slow. The stock browser isn't great on my phone either but it gets the job done well enough. I gave it 2 stars because it's not a total  piece of crap. On the upside FF is once again my desktop browser cause Chrome eats memory like a fat kid in a McDonalds buffet. Rooted CM9 LG MyTouch.
Good app for my mobile   ThanQ
You know you're in trouble when your mobile app is 17MB. Come on guys this doesn't have to be the bloated horrible beast that Firefox for Windows has become!  Still buggy and with weird design decisions. Why is text being restyled (size out of proportion) in contradiction to site CSS with no option on the matter? And video implementation seems to be terrible.
Slow.  Doesn't close app completely when clicking back.
The default browser on my phone goes about 3x faster than this app, and it doesn't slow my phone down either. Too bad, I was really excited for a Firefox app.
The default browser on my phone goes about 3x faster than this app, and it doesn't slow my phone down either. Too bad, I was really excited for a Firefox app.
Constantly freezes up on my LG optimus.  Also I couldn't find how to select text...
Every time I try access settings on my galaxy tab 2 Firefox crashes.
SLOW!Buggy...
PC set to sync bookmarks only BUT sync'd tabs show up on mobile. So, what else is sync doing in the bkgrnd? FF just got installed. It occurred to me that I need to remove FF on the desktop too.
More work required, tried to load sites I have seen other browsers have issue with and this had worse display. Use Firefox on PC but sticking with Dolphin for Android for now.
Nope, well it wont even show for me in google play, while it does here and says my device is compatible. It won't send to my device at all. I downloaded the APK from the mozille ftp, and no pages render at all. Even the ABOUT age to check the version, because if it's the same version, it's no good for me. If thats an out dated version, WHY keep it there. Nothing but trouble still... back to 1 star from me.
Still can't dial phone numbers by clicking a phone number on a webpage	Great looking app, but still doesn't let dial a phone number by tapping a number on a webpage.
On Samsung Galaxy S2 I can no longer select text, copy and paste since new update... Please fix!! It worked great before. Sooo  wish i had not updated app. Now it is useless to me :-(
It doesn't Allow you to set a home page. When u clear out history it doesn't actually clears completely.
I really preferred it until it stopped working on my Galaxy Nexus. Too bad!
It always brings me to the mobile sites. Need to be able to change the user agent to desktop. I have a smart phone I want to look at full website not the dumed down version.
Treats my keypad like a Querty. Dumb. Bye.
I can't select any text from web.
Wtf???
There is no copy/cut and paste function. Makes this browser pretty much useless.
When I go and change the settings to a larger size font or anything else, the settings are saved and they  go back to default. Boo.
Dynamic elements on a lot of pages (even mobile ones like the mobile twitter) do not repaint and seem unresponsive. Thus the browser seems like it is not working (and in a sense it isn't). A workaround is to try to force a repaint by "fooling" around with the page like panning or tapping certain areas on the page.
Totally sucks. I can't believe how disappointed I am with this app.
Has some nice features, but most if the time the UI is lacking.
Basically a pretty good browser but it takes more than 70 mb on my mobile which is absolutely out of order... Dolphin is much better ;-)
PROS:  desktop sync, fairly good plugin integration (better than dolphin, IMHO) and vast selection thereof, decent bookmarking.   CONS:  like wicked slow!  Clunky, zoom "pinching" could be better, access to plugins a bit cumbersome, I get sorta claustrophobic when I use it...iduno.
If there is one thing I hate, its a browser that just runs without crashing and does what I ask. Firefox managed to capture everything I love about Microsoft IE in a mobile browser UNLIKE their normal pc browser. That think NEVER crashes. Takes the thrill out of doing important work online.
Using Galaxy S3. Since adobe threw away support for flash Firefox is the only way to see flash since it internally supports it. Too bad the app is writtled with bugs that makes surfing the web horribly difficult. Chrome is a thousand times ahead of this, but they're missing two very important things: flash and add-ons. Firefox is the browser I use on my computer. Would love to see this app revamped.
This browser is useless to me because it doesn't reflow text when you zoom in, like my stock HTC browser will.
I'm not a tech guru, but this app completely freezes my phone. I have to remove the battery to restart it. Granted it could be my phone, but none of the other apps or browsers do that. I love firefox on my pc and wish it could work.
I like the pc firefox. Android not flexible, cumbersome. The tab part is nice (ff specialty), though.
I like the pc firefox. Android not flexible, cumbersome. The tab part is nice (ff specialty), though.
You can't all the sudden compete with Internet app that been out for ever - I'll wait a month or 2 so you guys can work out the kins and whistles.
This latest version 14 uses 10-20 MB of data a day even when the app hasn't been used. Is it the sync feature to get the latest tabs from my other systems, or some usage reporting? Anyways, too much for my limited data plan. Wish there was a way to roll back to previous versions since there was no problem then. Uninstalling.
Fhdjcbdjkebdjfjcdjcndkkakbwpdkcjcdndbk nqkjfjjjfhbcnejfkwbdbcjvdhcjdbcejfjekbdjf (Sorry for the name above, I go weird when sad) love mozzila Firefox but this is horrible. The browser sometimes does not listen to me and compared to my original browser, this sucks. Please update
Worked better than the standard Internet on my Samsung galaxy s, but made my phone horrible and slow to use.
Flash shuts down automatically. Galaxy s3
Lag, lag, lag.
Very good,but how to modify/delete Bookmarks,Top Sides?
Still loads weird versions of certain pages like Google!!
2 crashes on the first website I went to. Clumsy browsing. Not a great experience. Keep trying guys
I had low expectations for this version after the older versions let me down. This version isn't too much of an improvement. It's lags too much and slows my device down sometimes.
Generally good but why can't select or highlight text?
Nexus S (android 4 ICS). Tabs were nice, but seems to freeze every second time i load it. Too bad. Perhaps my sites have flash or something that does not work, but then again that is not the issue with other browsera i use. The built in browser or Opera works better. Deinstalled.
Crashes most of the time.. HARD! Need to pull the battery kind of crash. Doesn't seem to like HTC Sense devices
I uninstalled it because there is no way to clear the top sites list.
Eh. Lately it's been crashing constantly.
Keeps crashing when I go to open tabs.  Almost unusable.  Very frustrating!  2 stars until fixed.
There is a huge reduction in user control compared to other droid browsers or even the stock one. Se ttings are sparse, and if you might have preferences about browser behaviour, firefox doesn't. want to know. Get this browser if you don't mind that they outsourced features, responsibility and stability to extension developers.
So slow and just generally annoying. My usual internet explorer is much quicker
Glitch ridden and slow!
14.01 removes the ability to disable javascript :( That's a deal breaker for me. Thank god for Titanium Backup...
it conpletely disabled my phone.
Errors with mainstream sites like FB and fox news, mot at all up to full release standards.  Looks nice, when it works.
I love firefox on my pc...but this is too slow to use.
Video not working. Text flow in a mess. I installed Firefox without using the original browser. But after I tried the pre install browser. I'm gonna delete this thing now.
I can't seem to browse on it and I love firefox. Super disappointed that my default browser does a better job ... On HTC raider
Im running this on a better device it runs well.just lacks in features a lot! very basic just for surfing.not that great..
Love firefox on PC and I was looking forward to being able to sync everything but I couldn't get the search to shoe English results as it would always default to Korean google. Even the English addon which works well on PC didn't help. Very disappointing.
google search for Images won't come up on Evo
Loving the browser and bookmark syncing, don't like the "home page" navigating to bookmarks feels unintuitive can sometimes take a few to many taps and it keeps locking up and later force closing :-(
Very bad.
Nothing special. No nav bar, no bookmark, not enough features and settings.
Crashes 3 out of 4 times I have three tabs open... restarts right away but it's really really annoying. Chrome doesn't crash (just saying)
I can't stand this browser. It isn't user friendly in the least and needs a lot of improvement.
the native firefox is fast, no doubt, but it's lacking some pretty essential features.  1. most websites do not recognize the user agent, so firefox loads a crippled mobile version.  2. some pages aren't rendering properly even after usin gPhony to spoof the user-agent (all google sites, notice the top) 3. no incognito/private mode, no option to not keep history or remove history on exit 4. no copy paste
Been using this app for a while now as I'm a dedicated firefox user on my PCs. Unfortunately, this continues to be unstable, crashing regularly and taking long to load menus and open new browser windows. The user interface is slick but I'm switching back to Opera, which was more reliable.
Ok
Odd startup. Goes to random pages. Hard to work with.
Scrolling is jerky. Zooming is weird. Theres no automatic full screen and its slow. Copy&paste is not working... really? This should still be in beta.
Almost as bad as safari for iOS
U guys updated it & now this update says not compatible with my device. I have the Transform Ultra. Plzzzz fix this. I'm runnin on Gingerbread. I would love 2 see more. If not fix, I'll be uninstallin soon
Mozilla is my favorite PC browser, but this one is just clunky and broken. The standard browser works much better.
Ugh,  i had alot of hopes for this app. My keyboard kept freezing on my screen even after I closed Firefox. And maybe i couldn't find the setting for it, but I don't like always having to view a website as a mobile viewing only. I will check back in a couple months and give it a try again.
Doesn't auto focus web pages after zooming in and sometimes it doesn't even load the entire page
Very awkward to use.  Love desktop version but this is awful.  Search for Google home page brought up India version as top listing?  Maxthon puts this to shame.
Takes up 140 MB of ram when running. No side swipe for book marks. Hate the multiple search Providers. Enter key does not search default provider.
You can't highlight text and copy it! Unacceptable. Uninstalled.
maybe I've just been spoiled by the 10 years of semi-dependable freeware that firefox has given me and the big FU I can say to the last 6 versions of virus prone IE... but this version of firefox blows goats. I expected video to work out of the box. and more options for bookmarks etc without the need for bloated addons but... I'll try again next year... til then, opera or dolphin it is :P
Firefox is my first choice on PC and I hoped for a mobile standout from Mozilla, but with frequent crashes to the home screen and frozen black screens, I'm disappointed so far. The UI and features are great so I hope it will eventually work on my device.
I wish this worked better. However it seems to slow down the rest of my phone. Uninstanning for now. Will check back later for updates. :-/
This browser is very disappointing and shortcoming of my expectations for FF. No select text, find on page, typing in text fields is off, and I can't stop that annoying vibrate when clicking something.
Crashes often. Going back to Opera.
Crap can't even use it for my tablet its the only electronic piece that do sent have Firefox
Samsung Infuse - can open a page but any links I wanted to open on that page did not work - uninstalled
Because the update lost bookmark function to homescreen and the ability to select and copy text on a webpage or in  email.... I decided to try Dolphin. Dolphin is terrific in all ways The program is half the size, which means it is better written too. addons are super plentiful. Boy was I missing something!  Thanks Firefox for steering me in the right direction.  There is not a single feature that its not better in Dolphin than Firefox
Can be slow to load pages, sometimes freezing up, or sometimes having just a single tab freeze. No clear options to close tabs when exiting, so it tries to load previous tabs on opening. While a useful feature on the desktop, on a mobile platform it just drains the battery.
I use it and love it on my PC, but on the phone it's super slow.
Not apparent if you can hide "most frequented sites" on the home screen
No mobile friendly viewing.  Did not autocomplete Google Reader acct from Sync.way too many clicks to get get to synced bookmarks
Clean look, Like the tab access. Won't load my email, just shows links. Still needs work.
Like the ability to use desktop addons. Don't like the inability to select and copy text from pages and how whenever i type in a text box the curser returns to behind the first char so if there are more than 4 lines of text i cant see what i am typing as it is off the bottom of the screen. Is quite annoying having to guess what i am typing/deleting because i cant see it. Gt-i9100
Befor i could tap on little pictures of a movie and it showed some pictures of the movie like bitmaps but now it doesn't work anymore... Please fix
......
I like the setup, but it is too slow and screen fonts too small
I love the way it resizes text but 80% of the time the page won't load when dolphin will.
No home page setting that I could find. Bookmarks to hard to use. In general poor user interface. Uninstalled, way better browser are available.
Its better than the stock web browser, but barely. Why can't I long press to highlight? Where do my pictures get saved to? These seem like standard Android things and there isn't even an "add on" to download to fix it.
Slow, crashes phone whenever used. Given it a chance, now uninstalling
I'm very disappointes after using it on my phone while on PC its still fast. The same link Boat browser opens in the 2 minutes for which it was taking more than 5 minutes and not completely loaded. At the moment I'll not update it, will see when you gyus over 4 rating. Very poor zoom function.
When it works it's great, but it crashes several times a day.
Use FF on the desktop exclusively but mobile is lacking. Horribly inconsistent fonts - some paragraphs have huge text while others are tiny, all on the same webpage. Needs improvements.
I use Firefox on my laptop and it's excellent. On my HTC Desire S, Firefox is very poor. I entered 'Firefox' in the search box and it came back saying 'no results found' and, no, I had not made a spelling mistake!  On top of this, there are rendering issues. Come on Mozilla, you can do a lot better than this.  Back to the stock browser...
Yes, it's faster and supports flash, but the tradeoffs of the new version for Android are fewer options (including the ability to search for text on the page) and the browser doesn't close pages when you select Quit. Keep in mind, once installed, you can't go back.
It's slow and UI not refined.
stock browser is much better. Galaxy Nexus, Android 4.1
The browser is nice but is about as stable as the beta version. Hangs a lot and has annoying bugs like the keyboard not popping up.
Dolphin still on top.
Hard to navigate. Poor page tendering.
Don't like the new ui or the deletion of features. Bring back side tabs and user agent!
interaction delay is horrible. touch... wait... touch... wait. it's like using dial up on a slow computer.
Text flow sucks, scrolling lags and pages render horrible. So sad really considering I have been using mozilla based browsers since geko split from netscape. Rooted desire hd, miui eng ics.
Like Firefox desktop but mobile is no better than a stock browser. Very bloated not much control doesn't clean up after itself very well. I don't need every text I ever sent popping up every time I post a comment nor every page I view saved as a tab when I close the browser has promise but as is not good at all
Would be 5 stars, but can't play Flash video. Otherwise, best browser out there.
I've made the switch from the native browser on the Galaxy Nexus to Firefox.  The bookmark synching is great.  Very stable.
samsung epic 4G touch the ui is cool, but the way google functions with it rendered it unusable to me. uninstalled.
Love the new look.. but some of the features were taken away n its starting to feel crappy!!
Eh
Still a lot if freezes, using it on htc one x with SwiftKey.  Also: where are copy & find text options??
Very disappointing from Firefox developers. Flash player content on many of the websites are not displayed, eventhough I have installed adobe flash player on my Samsung galaxy R.
Dolphin is way faster loading pages uses less memory and has more options. Firefox is decent just not quite there yet.
While I enjoyed Firefox on the computer, I couldn't get over lack of selecting text and the fact that clicking links are sometimes unresponsive.
I was expecting a lot better as I use FF on my desktop almost exclusively, but on my GS2 I spent more time waiting for stupidly long lock ups and having the whole thing crash out on me. Won't be bothering until some more work is put into this product.  Looks nice though.
Rather disappointed. Running it on a HTC Desire S (gingerbread) and has been far from a good experience. Crashed often, some sites rendered weird and I didn't think it was giving me a better experience than the stock browser. Shame since I always use ff on my pc.
Can't load pages, freezes phone and crashes 90% of the time
recent changes make it look nice but so many bugs and issues that make it unpleasant to browse on.
Very slow and gets hung always... Can't believe its from the mozilla team :-/
how to copy some text in content.. i better use opera or chrome for android if FF cannot copy some text in content
Now my favorites keep getting moved around on my computer!
My regular internet browser wrks Fine, jus dwnloaded Firefox to see wut it was hittin for nd it was nothin, its was sois today so I uninstalled it.
Firefox is my favorite desktop web browser ever since I'm using internet. This android version is also gud but some GUI is bit difficult to use. The stop/close button is inside thr address bar so when ever i want to stop a page from loading, it opens the keyboard to type in the address. The stop button could be outside the address bar. Another change needed is the close button in the tab group. It is too small for the finger tip. The slide close function in chrome is nice.
I downloaded it and it worked fine, now it won't load the pages :/
Cannot log me into DeviantArt. But otherwise, the App is decent.
App works well until it freezes. Love the app just wish it was consistent
Pages are too small. No text wrap around. Nice layout and fast.
I've had new 14.01 for 2 minutes now, and I don't like it. Where the h are the options that let me set a home page, user agent, hide URL bar, etc? This looks like a firefox skin for the stock ICS browser.  I've used a previous FF version on my older android, and it was much better than this version.
No more changing user agent?  Lame. I'm going back to Dolphin HD
Not to happy with it right now it keeps crashing for no reason at all especialy when trying to view two or more web pages
Blocks my android 3.3. Note
Am a regular desktop user of Firefox but couldn't find out how to change the home page in this Android version.
Feels like an open beta more than anything. Almost no options to do anything or customise it in any way. I love the adbock feature. The only real reason to try it for a few weeks and see how well it's being updated.
Some aspects work better than the default droid browser.  But its not as reliable.  Had it for 30 minutes and app crash already.
I like how FF loads quicker now. Still needs work. Doesn't auto-fit screen. Can't zoom and fit screen. No tap to zoom etc. HTC G2
It won't play any flash content
The lack of the ability to set a home page is a showstopper for me.
Unfortunately crashes. Heavy as it was on my desk- computer ..could be such a beuty ..has such a promise...
The browser is super slow.
Very buggy, java Alps like Facebook games have issues scrolling. Have to reload constantly
Not quite ready for regular use. It uses huge amount of memory, and pages do not render correctly
2 stars because its good on pc. No video play flash yet? Get with it...
Crashes within 30 seconds half the time.
The interface is much better than the older one, but the useful features are gone
What happened to the User Agent  and Start Page prefs?   You call removing good features an improvement?
Reload icon missing. Custom home page option. Quicker way to switch  between tabs and to close tabs.
still some bugs & pretty slow Find in page not supported? Very bad
Unfortunately it's consistently crashed completely on every single website I've visited. Can't recommend in current form (HOX)
Still memory hungry. Missing mobile view even after installing Phony. Text does not re-flow ob pinch to zoom.
Well, the most recent update did make it look pretty. unfortunately, it also removed some very useful features - searching for text on a page, setting the user agent, and I'm sure those aren't the only ones. Bring them back, please! That's one of the best things about Firefox - all the things you can do with it.
Google never comes up to a mobile page,the zoom always very far out and text is small. Browser also doesnt not adjust when you zoom in on an article. Glad to get rid of this.
I don't want to synch a mountain of bookmarks from my PC, I just want FF to copy over the bookmarks that are in the phone's browser, but it won't do that.  Sad that such a basic feature is missing.
Slow, strange user interface.  Went back to Dolphin.
Update has so far caused more problems than there were before said update was released. Please fix.
Droid bionic using Swype.  I  can't put the cursor in the middle of a block of text in a data entry box.  Very frustrating
It promises so much but for the life of me why it can't scroll so you can view a full page width! Come on guys don't you test? Ahhh! Back to chrome for now
Does not automatically direct you to mobile sites like the standard Android browser. Not sure why.. It would be good to have the option
With the "top sites" shown on a new tab, even the contents of recently read email might be displayed at startup!  The instructions for disabling this found on the mozilla website don't seem to work for mobile. This is a deal-breaker!
Has little in common in regards to compatibility with its Pc based cousin (unlike Chrome).  Opera and Dolphin are much better but are not widely supported.
Like the concept of Firefox for my Droid X2 and I like the features it has and the apperance, but it runs ridiculously slow compared to the browser that came on it. I used Firefox on my phone for 6+ months and was loyal to using it, until one day I got fed up and tried the android browser. If work is done to speed Firefox up, I'll switch back in a heartbeat. Until then, there's no sense in being frustrated every time I want to use my mobile web.
Not much improved... Sync not working back to Dolphin... so far the best browser. But on desktop FF still rocks.
Firefox has to be the best browser on Android tablet( phone version not) except for STILL NO FLASH! Flash was expected for Firefox 10, what happened to it? The days of flash may be numbered but while it is still essential for BBC news&  sport  and others it's got to be included in an otherwise fantastic tablet browser. -2stars because still no flash and -1 star for phone version.
It doesn't load certain site, it will get glitchy. I love Firefox on my laptop, not sure it's appropriate to use right now.
This browser tries too hard, if that makes sense. The idea of emulating a desktop browser is a noble attempt, but smart phones still aren't there yet. I use a Motorola Droid Razr and it has a dual core processor and can handle everything I've thrown at it with ease, but it does not like this browser at all. Things jam up, typing is awkward, etc. etc. I've even tried Opera and some others, and none of them beat the stock web browser. The stock browser excels (for me) because it is lightweight, doesn't try too hard, and if anything, benefits the user from being under-developed, if that makes sense. I love the FF desktop browser with all my heart, but this mobile version just isn't there yet. As an avid desktop FF guy, I'll keep trying the mobile browser until they get it right, and it pains me to write this review, but it needs to be said. FF developers: quit trying so hard, throttle back on the options, and streamline it a bit. Thanks.
My phony extension won't work after update. I uninstall and install the Phony Add-on, it work for the first time but after exiting and opening the Firefox browser it won't work again.  Galaxy Note
why can not copy and paste
Can't live without Firefox on my laptop, but android version is still a disappointment. Very poore funtionality for 17 megs.
Needs tabs on top expecially for galaxy note. Its bad because you can't go to book marks on the same tab but have to open new tab Take a look at dolphin browser hd
FF for PC is great but the mobile one isnt good enough yet. The default browser of  ICS is better except for the sync.  Im uninstalling and I hope it gets usable soon, I love FF
Tell u more later
Firefox takes lot of time before showing the actual webpage on my droid x. My stock browser is faster than it. Not sure what it is doing
Why is there still no flash support? Would be 5star if it had flash!!!!! Atrix4g
in pc version, i can read my language, burmese. but not in android version . opera is more user friendly
Please launch hd version for android 3.x honeycomb versions
Firefox used to be my favorite browser until I updated to ICS. Now it hardly loads web pages and bugs up so I cant do anything. Also, clicking on elements on a webpage is very inaccurate and takes a while for me to get where i want to go. Going back to stock web browser till it's fixed
Not one update has fixed the video playing capabilities yet. Love FF on my laptop, but it's terrible on my Droid. So far the Dolphin browser works flawlessly, just nothing to sycinc it too - LG Optimus 3D
A big step backwards. My default browser becomes unusable.
I love FF for PC, but this one has much worse performance in compare to other browsers and it's unstable. Only using it because of addon Foxtrick for Hattrick.
It does lag. I am hoping for a tablet version.
Why does Google look so awful in this when compared to other mobile browsers?  No location awareness or mobile-optimized layout.
Really slow
Seems like kind of standard option to have on modern browsers.
Last Update causes some websites that i visit a lot to crash constantly any way to unupdate
I didn't like it I was using chrome and want something else but not for me
Adblock didnt work. And it crashed whenever i tryed to watch a video. Oh well. Back to dolphin
Navigate to some sites. Clear history. Those sites still show up in the list of top sites!
Just too bad an experience the browser went kaput after 2-3 uses it stored only one address and no n matter what outrage I wanted I wanted to open it used to open my weather forecast page only I uninstalled it and have to reinstall it going it will work better this time real disappoint from a browser which has a killer on the desktop.........
Nice when it works - great perf too. But once it freezes up it becomes unusable. It starts working again only on a full reinstall. Also the address bar is ugly big.
The before look was more easy to work with, I got the phony add on and it worked great! But now this new look is not good at all, it does not go staight to desktop look, you have to choose it in most site you see, this suckkkk!! Change it
The older versions which are "compatible" with tablets are horribly bug riddled, slow and have plenty of glitches.  The newer, faster versions are phone only.  I'm just about ready to drop Firefox entirely at this rate.
Nothing special
Too buggy freezes a lot
I really wanted to like Firefox, its a good looking browser with some really cool features but its just too buggy still.
The new UI is quite nice. However I miss the tab bar on the left side, as it was very handy and fast. Why did you have to change it? Also crashed a few times and some pages do not load at all.. I will be using other browsers until this is fixed
no i didn't find it good. i just astonished its 17MB, when windows's is 15... :O
Terrible update makes this no longer available for tablets, completely ruined it IMO. My previously favourite browser has let me down. Sorry, but until this is fixed, my rating is getting no better than 2.
Even if I don't use it at all
I love FireFox for pc but its so slow on my Droid
The new update will not let me open it on my phone. It keeps updating my bookmarks, which I have none on my phone. And it won't let me search.
Words and links show up too small. A real fail when Opera has it figured out. At one point, pages just refused to load. No idea why. Has the look of PC Firefox but not the ease of use demanded from mobile browsing. Uninstalling and thoroughly enjoying Opera.
Nice but super slow. And the pinch to zoom is slow and useless. Make this faster please its my fav browser. Galaxy nexus on ICS
Way better than chrome. I love Firefox
I've watched this app go from 6Mb (very large for an app) to 17Mb (half of my first harddrive). That's INSANE. I'm out. Uninstalling.
Just isn't on par with even the stock browser. I can't use an app that's offering nothing new and fewer features like copy paste and folders for bookmark
How about a Tablet version! Then again, maybe not.    Not impressed with this browser at all. It's slow sluggish & doesn't know how to render Flash enabled sites. I have better luck with default stock Android browser as it's faster & more responsive. Stick to desktop browsing Firefox.
My default android browser is much faster than this app. Zooming and scrolling has a weird jerky feel. Slow, slow, slow. Settings are very limited. I am uninstalling after only 2 days. I was hoping firefox would make an android browser, but this is really disappointing. Uninstalling until I hear it gets better.
I've been using Firefox since the very first final release and with great pain I have to say that it's getting worst and worst. 1. The moron who decided to copy chrome's "rapid release" schema should be hanged. 2. The android version is a parody. The previous versions used an unspeakable un-friendly UI. This version has much improved UI, however most basic functions like search on page and select text from it are missing - WTF?! 3.Speed - the browser is fast only on most recent devices.
would love if this app worked.  needs zoom buttons so you dont have to pinch zoom.  needs a way to switch from desktop to mobile versions quickly (without going into settings).    and now they got rid of "find on page"  seriously?!  why would that not be important?!    the only reason i use it anymore is when i need to acess my desktop bookmarks.  otherwise, dolphin, and even the ics stock browser is superior.
Does not work at all on my galaxy s3... installed, but will not load any websites :(  Brand new phone and I can't even use my fav browder on it...
Navigation often rest on a blank page & no refresh resolve the problem (both with plugin activated or not). Very very slow compared with Boat browser navigation!
FF was my favorite browser up until the recent update, but now it syncs constantly, whether I use it or not.  Drains the battery and overheats my phone.  Had to uninstall.  Droid 2.
Flash and other video content will not load, even after changing preferences to auto-load. I love FF, so this is a real let down. I hope they fix this. Motorola Droid RAZR.
Trying to scroll to see the left side of the page while zoomed in its impossible
App crashes regularly on my CM 7.2 Atrix.
Searching does not goto the mobile version of google like in default browser/chrome. Also it crashes frequently, especially clicking back and about to exit. And text does not wrap nicely. Right now its not much of a competitor to Default browser/chrome in android.
Shuts down security apps!! Not cool.
Please add option of popup blocking,user agent between mobile or desktop.thank you.
This app freezes my entire phone when I open it, to where I have to pull the battery. Uninstalled,
Quite fast but nothing special.
Nicee
Fails to open web pages .cant do browsing.
I have a honeycomb tablet and I can't get firefox that's odd
Firefox is my most used browser but i dont think it would be now after this UI overhaul. I hate that I have to press the menu key to bring up the navigation tabs while the slide gesture for this very functionality have been removed.  Changing windows is an improvement and closing them too, before you feared to change to another window without closing them by accident.
Can't figure out how to copy paste text.  Pressing on links requires multiple tries, they constantly want to open in new tabs instead of the current window which is what I want.  Tab selection screen does not indicate which tab is the current window and as such It's easy to accidentally delete tab, with no obvious way to restore tab.  Going into settings to delete history is counter intuitive, pressing delete button then returning to home shows your history still, requires restart to show history as gone.
Unfortunately this application didn't reach my expectations. The gecko web engine doesn't render google correctly and few other webkit based websites.  The gecko web engine may have its advantages, but its advantages don't serve my purposes
Let me start by saying I have always been a fan of Mozilla, and Firefox on here is quick at times, I would have given it 4 or 5 stars but I have had it for two weeks and it has crashed about a dozen or more times on me already. And as one other person said it is missing some features like text highlighting. hopefully the developers solve this soon. I also hate the opening screen instead of a home screen.
I used to love the layout. I hate the menu now, and the tab navigation, has been dumbed down. Was much better how it was...
Not a stable browser. Continuously crashes and is slow.
I  am still on gingerbread android and this FireFox update will not sync properly to my computers firefoxes...
Since the last update, this browser really disappoints. Every action requires a double tap - selecting the url bar, clicking links, etc.
Freezes on Web pages.  Non-responsive entry/exit of keyboard.
Love the interface of this browser - really simple and clean. But the scrolling really sucks on my phone (HTC Rezound). Not smooth at all, and that's a deal breaker for me. I'm a big Firefox fan, so I'm going to keep an eye on developments with this app, but am uninstalling for now.
Very disappointing. Some basic settings not available.
Needs lot of improvements
There is no search or find in page feature in this version which is a real deal breaker. Considering when Chrome is now able yo perform full sync and User agent changes, the edge that Firefox had is really closing and they now removed even more features off their browser. The only good thing about this is it supports full web flash and can download almost any file type. Other then that this is becoming just another browser.
Best looking fire fox browser yet with added plug in to allow for full web page viewing. Mozillia has knocked it out of the park again  -Galaxy nexus
Hey mozilla, I generally love your products, but if you can't make it work on the most popular android phone, you might want to reconsider releasing this.
New update is a huge improvement. Still super slow and constantly crushes and freezers. Love Firefox on PC, would love to see it as good on Android.
Slow as hell, plugins don't work, input is buggy.
Ne prend souvent pas la connexion, inutilisable. Delphine ou stock brosser beaucoup mieux pour l'instant.
Bit slow and really needs a desktop mode. I don't want to view in mobile view!
HTC Desire hd
After installing it , I was like finally the browser I was looking for, great interface where menus, interface make sence. But then I started using it and realized that it has many ramdom problems like pages just wont load, click a link a million times and nothing happens, etc.  Hope and update comes soon . EVO 4g LTE
I have never used any other browser on my laptop; only Firefox ftw. but ever since I upgraded to ICS Firefox just doesn't work ok anymore. there are issues when I zoom in the page, it gets blurred and takes some time to load again and some text fields get disabled.
The differences between the betas and this are above imagination
Really feature rich and syncs well with desktop firefox, still unstable though and is not ready for mainstream useage. Problem is almost all mobile sites are coded for webkit, so the  gecko engine renders mobile websites with a horrible dated look, if Mozilla switched to webkit I would hands down never even consider using another browser
Missing double tap to zoom, YouTube videos don't open in youtube app, video continues to play after closing the with the home button, randomly crashes
Why can't I turn off Javascript? NoScript is the only reason I still use Firefox on the desktop.
Opera browser is better than Firefox on android
It's fast and does a lot but the browser has way too many bugs to be a smooth experience.    1. Google search doesn't work from the address bar and returns a 502 bad gateway error every single time. A bug report has been filed.    2. Some add-ons like AdBlockPlus don't install because they can't even detect Firefox installed (could be a problem with the add-on also) .    3. Videos, pdfs etc have to be downloaded completely before they can be viewed. There should be an option to stream them or open them in the browser itself.     I'm not uninstalling Firefox yet because I have great hopes from Mozilla. But for now, the stock browser will do better, even though it is comparatively slow.
I really tried breaking away from Dolphin HD as my main browser with Firefox, but the new interface is too simplistic and under-featured, links do not work half the time, not that fast (but definitely a huge jump up from the older version), and pages are rendered funny at times. The URL bar takes too much space, especially in landscape mode and no speed dial. At the end of the day, I find myself reverting to another browser to get better functionality of web pages. I'm really rooting for Firefox and Open Source software in general, but this release still has a lot of work to do.  Specs: HTC Evo 4G (Supersonic) 768MHz underclocked CPU GingerBread Evo Deck 1.3 (Android 2.3.7)
Don't know what is wrong but it was unbelievably slow.
Worked alright in the previous update, now it easily crashes.
Too bad it only takes you go add on page...browser does not exist ...
Does not resize pages after pinch and zoom. Otherwise ok. Nothing special.
Ok but doesnt let me upload photos onto fb
Seriously wtf mozilla. Instead of improving, this new update destroyed the little faith i had in you. Comeon you used to be a leader.
I had for about 2 days and it crashed about 20 times
Real let down...
Still feels like a desktop product rushed to mobile.  Pinch/resize simply must reflow.  Period.  I'll try again in six months if I'm not then on ICS and chrome.
Really fast rendering and smooth browsing, but full of bugs.
Great to use, love phone Adblock plus, but without reflowing text it is too hard to use day to day. Looks.like ill stick with opera mobile for now.
I didn't like it and ended up uninstalling .
I love the look of it, and it's really fast. When it actually works, that is. It doesn't react when I touch links. I often have to punch the link several times before it does anything, if at all. I gave it two stars because it's so unreliable.
Too slow, crashes, fiddly, I don't get the same as on the laptop. Uninstalled it.
I hate this new version. I cannot use any of my add-ons. You also took away the use of the home screen add-on. I actually think this version is slower!! Bites
Opening any webpage took ages, so with bleeding heart I uninstalled FF from my device. I am a strong supporter of open source and Firefox in particular and reverted to the default browser on 2.3.5, which does the trick much faster. I’d give it one star, but since it’s Firefox I grant it two.
Really tried to like it. Random crashes, interface feels clunky & not as intuitive as Opera, speech2txt doesn't work in search bar.
This app continues to make huge strides in aesthetics, speed & extensibility, but is still plagued by problems from the beta, including the sync settings not being saved after a reboot, and random hard reboots when using the app.
New update looks slick, but it crashes and freezes constantly. It pains me to say it but my phone's native browser is much slower but so much more reliable now. I love Firefox, but I can't believe the developers allowed this release. I hope they fix the bugs/crashes/freezing/instability or I will be switching permanently.
Better tabbed interface but Adobe Flash support is still a bust. Can't wait for Chrome for Android. Firefox Mobile is a joke.
I have been frustrated by Dolphin's performance issues lately and I had heard a few good things about Firefox. After 5 minutes of use I gave up. The Full Screen function is very frustrating to use and it's not really any faster. I will try again at the next update. I have hope Mozilla will demonstrate the qualities that originally made them great, such as simplicity and functionality.
Ima probleme sa zumiranjem a nema mogucnost podesenja velicine zuma,nema opciju dodele home stranice,u meniju fali opcija za bukmark,ima problem blokiranja stranica,na forumima razlicito prikazuje(zumira)pitanja i odgovore(npr.pitanje ima nelogicno veliki font a kad se klikne za odgovor pojavi se prozorcic za koj treba lupa,ako se prozor uvelica da bi se video tekst,font pitanja je toliki da jedno slovo stane naekran)....
Won't play video streamed from my GOFLEX NAS.  Dolphin HD is now my mobile browser of choice.
I can't search for anything...after the update now the page won't go anywhere its just blank...was working great before the update
Nice looking interface. Having flash is nice but just moving around the pages is horrible. Feels very left right up or down, harsh on the diagonals, not free flowing at all. Bad web experience  not for me.
Loved this before it we revamped no where near as good as It's predecessor bring it back please
Works great!!!
No copy paste?
I don't like last update. Yes it's fast but some important things removed from it. Copy link changed to share link and i can't copy text from pages. Restoring older version.
And pretty
This is still our good old FireFox, but version 14 is a total mistake. Menu fonts and icons got so big that much less info now fits on the screen. The start page for some reason cannot be changed, so no Google, no other favourite page, you must use the default FireFox.   Fail.
The old version is better.
I'm using galaxy s plus and it makes my phone slower. It could be really good for the tabs but not for the phones that is in my phone's class... Thank you
Its a good program but very slow. 2 star
I want to like this browser its fast it has nice design,  but if I can't even have the option to make it the default browser so I can click on a link and jump to the browser then what's the use?
Where is the hover effect, older version allowed me to show hover effect when i touch a button , thumbnail with a hover effect , now its gone? Why?! Please put it back
Bad.....! Not good.
Why its taking years for Mozila to comeup with a better mobile browser??????I am so disappointed.
Eom
Links would not work except if I copied and pasted them. No indication if things are loading or not. Crashed twice on news sites. I use Firefox exclusively on PC...this is garbage right now, will check back in a year or so.
It was extremely slow. Can't handle much tabs. But, the plus side was add-ons are pretty good. Other than that no.
The new version takes longer to load. It takes a lot longer for firefox to realize what site I'm typing in that I visit daily. The main screen that shows me popular links never loads. Looks like I'm going back to the broswer that came preinstalled on my phone until an update is released for this one,
Last time that I'll ever upgrade this browser. Much slower for me than previous version. Firefox, you're fired! Opera mini just replaced your slow a$$
Liked the usual interface, but copy/paste not working anymore within gingerbread, very unhelpful to say the least. Known issue according to Firefox help. Uninstalled, waiting for update.
Not compatoble with galaxy tab running ics while compatible with my htc evo running ics ???
Much faster and usable now.
Chrome is better...  S.
The speed improvement is amazing. Faster than the stock browser on Gingerbread. And finally having bookmark syncing is fantastic. But the negatives about it is really death by 1000 cuts, just too many little things, you can't select text within pages, too many taps to get into bookmarks, page rendering misses format and pictures sometimes that load fine in the stock browser... ect...
review went from 4 to 2 stars after updating the app last night. browser keeps freezing and crashing
Firefox is pretty good, however, I have discovered two major problems.  First, you can not copy text from web pages which is a major disappointment and enough to not use the browser at all.  Second, when you back out of the application it fails to quit and you must manually force quit it with the task manager.... Another major annoyance.
Firefox is pretty good, however, I have discovered two major problems.  First, you can not copy text from web pages which is a major disappointment and enough to not use the browser at all.  Second, when you back out of the application it fails to quit and you must manually force quit it with the task manager.... Another major annoyance.
Between opera mobile and firefox, i really cant get easy and consistent interface with firefox. Firefox has got two menus, 1 on the top corner and the other by pressing the menu button. Those two confuses me alot. Just put the everything in one place.  In firefox, you cant make folders in bookmark. You cant choose between mobile or desktop. Syncing trully a chore. Inconsistencies in font sizes.  Nonetheless, it does feel fast and responsive.  Though, im staying with opera for now.
Still useless. Will action any menu item on first touch, and no alternative by holding the menu then cancelling the popup menu like was a work around in prev version. All in all pretty crap compared to the pc browsers.
But Chrome is far better. If you have ics or jb, use Chrome. I really likesd FF years ago, but I prefer Chrome now on mobile and desktop.
Crashed constantly after the update to firefox 14 and took my battery life from 36 hours to less than 7. Uninstalled and probably won't be reinstalling.
Where is the tablet support? I try to search Google and it goes to Google mobile and the text is tiny and doesn't look good on a tablet. Plus you don't even have an option for a home page. And no copy/paste? Are you kidding. Will rate much better once you get tablet support and copy/paste
It should be faster not slower.  With opera Mini still don't have a chance!
Far too unstable. Crash after crash. Can you say uninstall?!!! HTC Z.
Tested against Opera mini, Opera, Dolphin mini, Dolphin HD, and native browser.  Has some nice features, but looks like devs are still thinking pc; not optimized for mobile.  Slowest of the bunch and requires extra steps to access videos.....bloatware not suitable for smartphones, maybe meant for tablets.
Setup successful. But ff not operation on my Xperia S with ICS 4.0.4
Crashed so many times and its slow. No option to play video it always download, I'm a big fan of Firefox but this app needs more work done.
Fast but many functional issues like clicking Google search box adds some irrelevant string by itself. Hangs when loading 5 to 6 tabs.
Often search on something, click the link, and nothing happens. I probably won't use it much. Or I will uninstall it.
Not being able to clear cache on exit is a deal breaker for me. Dolphin is still much more user friendly. Waiting to upgrade phone to get Chrome...unless FF does something special.
Bookmarking is a nightmare and it's seemingly impossible to set page preferences ... yet it allows you to clear them!?
Since I updated to the last version the sync doesn't work... Still shows the tabs from the day before... Uninstalling
Login forms tend to make it freeze. Droid X running latest Gingerbread.
Have had two separate RAZRs and while has a good product it doesn't seem to work well with the RAZR.
Getting better. But it still wont let me  play video of any kind. But I like a lot of the improvement.
Only browser on android that will let you download a file from web outlook. That's why the 2 stars. The browsing experience on the other websites is just horrible. It doesn't respond to touch won't open folder on web outlook... I am just very disappointed cause I have been waiting for this up date hoping they would resolve these glitches, but instead they have just made the beta version the primary version.
This was my favourite browser on android until the last update. Now you need a tablet to work. Ver unfriendly and unpleasant phone experience. Uninstalling now.
I have yet to find a setting to turn off the annoying haptic feedback after every single link tap. Also, does not seem any faster than my stock browser.
It's okay
As the title said, I wanted flash support in firefox for android, but not at the expense of pretty much every other feature...   Where's the guesture to bring up tabs?  Where's the refresh button?  Where's the working firefox sync? I cant get tabs off of my desktop anymore :\  Smooth zooming and flash support aren't really worth it not working properly anymore, this version is a big step back until they fix it imo  2 stars
I had this installed on my Xoom, had some issues with the Xoom and had to reset it, I went to install Firefox again and it is telling me that it is not compatible with my device... What's up with that?
Very slow :(
Many common sites still render funky in FF. They render fine in native browser.
But now it's slower than ever!!
UI looks great Double tap zoom doesn't work.Download fails most of the time
But but now I can't select text anymore. Please fix!
Would not recommend
No copy paste functions is a show stopper. Very buggy and freezes the whole phone for periods of time. I enjoy the sync feature but it also resets constantly. I will not be switching just yet sadly.
I used to love this app after switching from Opera Mini but after this latest update, I will be switching back. Hotmail looks terrible and is no longer quick and easy to navigate, the same with all the other sites. I'm so disappointed.
Pop up forms don't work well, YouTube is too slow, no clipboard access. Going back to htc default browser
Not bad but does not autofit page when zoomed. Until feature is available I 'll stick with Dolphin HD
標準ブラウザより処理が遅く、スクロールがガクつく。
no desktop site... other browsers have to option to make a site viewed as desktop...
Need more smoothness.
Chrome beta is presently much better. I primarily use Firefox on my computers, which makes it even more distressing that the mobile version is so lax.  Newest update is excellent on my galaxy nexus, but now completely broken/unsupported on my xoom.
Crashes Constantly and No Download Progress or Way to Stop Downloads In Progress	Why can't we view in progress downloads in the download screen? That is absolutely useless. There is no way to cancel erroneous downloads nor even view how far along they are. Dumb implementation. Plus the app crashes and freezes constantly.
Can't get rid of address bar, no auto zoom, no bookmark import
Please work on this project devs and fix all the crashes...  Very good user interface.
New update does not allow previous adblock to function. Also do not like start page for the lack of privacy control.
Amazed that they haven't gotten any further than this, needs a lot of work before this can be used regularly. Absurdly large file size
come on mozilla. get the basics right. why does google news still look 10 times better on the default browser? why does text go all blurry when i scroll?. the latest version has some nice features, the tab selection is very nice.  but not enough to make up for true negligence on basic usability.
Bad Mobile implementation of a solid browser.  History/top sites are the same, and no options to not record history.
Loads pages fast but frequently hangs. No find text on page function. Uninstalled. May try later.
Update vastly improved the app making it very usable but keeps crashing every so often. stick to stock or opera
I prefer to set my own start page. Don't like the update at all. Removed from phone.
Memory and cpu hog.
I really want to like this browser, but it is lacking alot of options and settings.  That leads me to wonder why the download is so big.
I love firefox on my pc, but the phone version sux! No flash, wrong feeling when scroling, no setting to 'identify as desktop'. .......and so on and on and on
Overall experience still far worse than opera, dolphin, and even stock browser. No copy/paste? Are you kidding?!
Makes web pages, particularly google, look ugly. Very few options without going to about:config. No quick way to change between mobile and desktop mode.
Thought it had improved but pages dont load after update think i will delete and go chrome.
Can't use because i can't swipe from ff main screen. Thunderbolt
Love the ui, but its just not mobile. Zooms incorrectly and doesnt scale accordingly when zooming aswell as not showing mobile versions of sites.
This is just garbage. They changed the ui and made it pretty garbage. Mozilla use Dolphin browser and get a clue. Way to many problems  to use comfortably. Uninstalled and going back to Dolphin...  see u on the next release. DONE!!!!!!
It mistakenly try to select words on screen every time I try to scroll with a swipe.  That makes it impossible to use! I uninstalled it after 2 days of frustrations.
I checked task manager with Stock, Chrome and Firefox just opened with the same page.   Stock - 35mb Used Chrome - 29mb Used Firefox - 65mb Used!  needs some work, plus keyboard sticks on some pages as does search engine m, which randomly shows 502 error.
Slow to the point of uselessness
+ same display as firefox desktop + easy to use  -lacks Firefox desktop configuration options -annoying to enter text in textboxes spaces are automatically entered)  - current version can't even start ...Feature request: *add current page as favorite
Still slower (much) than stock browser on Android 2.3 and doesn't render Google search page well. Plus, it never closes a tab! I have to manually close previously visited pages (i.e. it makes EVERY search a new tab). By the end of the day I've probably closed 10 tabs. I'm still sticking with stock.
New update redesigned interface requiring more presses to bookmark things. More importantly tho, it now crashes at the drop of a hat, and only 40% of those crashes trigger the 'restart ' interface... can we get a rollback?
Sync - Love it. Getting to bookmarks - hate it enough to keep Dolphin HD as my default browser.
Still incompatible with Swype - the latest is I can't use Swype to log in to Google with a verification code
Nice interface, but keeps force closing after a few minutes on my HTC Droid Incredible.
Firefox app crashes regularly and is very slow.
This version is better, however, compared to dolphin hd, it pales in comparison. there is no home button, no private history, I like the full screen add on though. Could be better.
Getting better with the latest update, but still lacks features. Flash only supported on ICS? Really? :/
Looks nice but very slow to load and if you click on an image you want it comes up with something different. Extremely annoying
Fast...but that's all.  Poor video performance, pages not rendering, does not resize text, links from other apps often don't load, not smooth and on and on. Has potential but for now a waste of time. 17 mb download should give some bang for buck.but just takes up space. Stay away for now.  Using Razr Maxx
It's really slow, buggy and fonts look terrible. Pretty much any other browser on Android is better.
There is progress, but to call it "something big"... No way!
Freezes when trying to view embedded video. Uninstall
Well... firefox for android has certainly been improved however after a full day using it i experienced very slow load times on most websites and it would actually freeze while loading some pages. Also the bookmarks being hard to get to can become annoying.  With that said.. i pray for the day that this browser becomes as useful and awesome as the desktop browser!     -Droid RAZR/ ICS
Every time I tried to search for something it force closed.  I guess I will revert to Opera or Dolphin
I liked the old interface better
why the sudden need for my account information? you always vaunted your sync feature for its great anonymity and ease of use/pin concept. otherwise good browser. gets better with each release. but why my ID all of a sudden? not updated. please remove!
On opening first time I got force close message, next two times it rebooted my phone. Uninstalled. Version 14. Very poor. Two stars for UI.
Great UI but the thing constantly freezes and restarts. Just like on my computer, firefox is good but not as good as chrome
I usually don't write reviews but this deserves a few words. After installing it I went to Google . com and it froze my galaxy note altogether. The browser can barely scroll without having a seizure. Seriously? Stick to opera.
New tab opens in background. That i don't like. Dolphin still the best browser by far.
No support for transform ultra boooooooooo!
Muito melhor agora. Parabéns Mozilla. Continuem aprimorando nosso Firefox.
Not ready for my prime browser.
The app always stops working and won't load any page. Good interface though
So yall added flash but decided to allow mobile videos to be downloaded instead of being streamed. Atleast give us an option to stream like boat browser has, come on this is firefox not blackberry browser. Get it together
It somehow synced my desktop to my phone and messed up my rss bookmarks.
Slow. Takes forever to open a site. Text is grainy. Flash doesn't work. Back to dolphin HD.
Not sure why but this new release has been a disaster for me. I get force closes more often than not when I open the app, links don't always launch or take ages when I tap them, and tab management is nowhere near as intuitive as Chrome. Not impressed.
Everytime I try to use it, it force closes on me. I've tried moving it to the sd but Dame issue. All I can do is send error reports. Evo 4G
extremely unintuitive
Would probably be a nice update, if it was available for tablets such as the Motorola Xoom.
But I don't see it is better than opera aand dolphin. They just need to make simple as possible but this apple is not at all.
Conflict with orbot and proxy tor agent. Freezes up for a few seconds when switching to multi tasking or rotating the devise  Not able to use most of the plugins and add ons
Does not display most web pages, poor plugin support, it's fast but useless. default browser performs better.
It's not nearly as good as I expected. It definitely needs a bar at the top to show the status of how much the Web Page is loaded just like the stock Android browser and the opera mini browser. The only other thing I would like to see is automatic text re wrapping like there is in the stock Android browser. Those 2 things are a huge must for me. In its current state, you will not see me using this browser right now. I will stick with the stock Android browser or opera mini. It just needs a few more features
Speedy and crisp, but doesn't always get it right with non-mobile Web pages (issues with site navigation side bars and text size/wrapping). No text selection or find in page. No options to change anything, really. Sometimes can't click on links while zoomed out. Going back to Dolphin for now, call me when you have a finished product.
Continues to suck up CPU even when app has been closed. Also with RAM footprint of 100Mb after bit of surfing. Needs to be sorted! Until then - uninstalled
Very fast but my porn sites don't work :p
... sais it is not compatible with my device. So I am stuck with the non-native UI. Worst is that they dont mention why this is.
Starts up really fast, but clicking in the address bar never brings up my keyboard. Android 2.3.4 on the Atrix.
Poor rendering and graphics of Google searches. I much prefer the stock browser. It reminded me of surfing on an old blackberry
Had several problems within the first 5 minutes: loads lowest-quality mobile versions of sites, most images have pink vertical lines all over them, and whenever I enter my username to login to sites, it enters the same thing in the password field and I have to delete it. EVO 4G LTE
Still slower than Dolphin. Searches are buggy. Hides vast swathes of UI. There is better out there than this.
I tried searching Google for a phone number and when I clicked into the field to place my cursor FF copied and pasted the same search input to the end of the text already in the field.   Sure the new version is faster,  but there's still not enough to cause me to switch over from Chrome.  HTC One S 4.0.3
compared to the internet explorer very slow
Firefox is the best browser to use with BlackBoard, the website my school uses. But apparently they did not carry enough over from the desktop verson. Most eliments are non interactive on BB.
Had firefox for Android since the early mobile beta release and been waiting for the speed issues to be sorted for ages ... not disapointed with this release, works seamlessly  with my Galaxy S3 - good effort!
No desktop mode? Really? Flash is flakey, and doesn't seem any faster than stock?! It is nice to have Firefox sync on my phone though. Un installed for now, and maybe next release?!
Kurang mantap
Firefox for android is ok not as good as the desktop version as it only has a few addons. What happened to the select copy/paste text option put it back ASAP.  Overall i still prefer Dolphin browser above Firefox.
Facebook looks absolutely terrible on firefox. On dolphin browser its perfect! Firefox also doesn't have a settig that allws for a site like fbook to load the regular fullsite instead of the mobile version.
Nice to have extensions, but Google homepage will not display correctly ...
Got excited, installed, tried to log into my google account, crashed, uninstalled.  Will wait for the real version...
Not supporting flash is just lazy. Opera can include official adobe plugin, mozilla is somehow exclusively better. Configuration and customization is plain terrible. The only plus is ability to use addons. But scrollable elements is a welcome feature.
The start page doesn't always load. Doesn't seem to be a way to pick a start page. Websites sometimes pad blank. Doesn't ear data on exit.
Only thing I can say the app downloaded fast. As soon as I opened it. I get a Firefox crashed message. Back to the boatbrowser
Good update lots to fix though. Google looks retarded and Facebook and twitter are hard to use. Uses a lot of space on my phone also. I want to see it at a smaller file.
It claims to be faster than the stocked version, but it isn't! Also sites load as mobile versions like in Opera Mini but slower than Opera Mini. Get Opera Mini instead if you've no issues with viewing sites in the basic mobile version else stick to the stocked browser.
Bloated, slow and buggy. Don't use if you want to use Swype as you can't type properly, spaces are added, the cursor is random and its all very frustrating. Use chrome or dolphin.
HTC browser is better
Fast is right! Crashed my phone in about 3 seconds. I know my phone is crap, but come on... There's no excuse for this.
This is still slower then chrome.
Can't copy text and find text
Very minor improvement in my opinion. Still uses the rubbish version of Google.
It won't install to my Transformer.  According to their website, it isn't compatible with any tablet. It's compatible for Galaxy S III (which is ICS), and therefore should be comptaible with my Transformer, which is ICS.      Thanks for the EPIC fail. You've wasted your time Mozilla...perhaps one day you'll be relevant again.
I've just been trying the app on the Tegra 3 HTC One X, both on WiFi and with full 3G signal, but it struggles to even load the Google homepage in under 2-3 minutes. This is appalling, if not worse than the last build of the application  I think I'll stick with the Chrome Beta.
Seems to be very speedy on some simple pages, but then unable to load other pages - especially anything forum based.
Where are all the settings like home page?
Still buggy. By default it goes to sleep after about 30 seconds while watching a video. Crashed when I tried to copy a URL (so that I could watch the same video in ICS Browser+ without issue). Still needs work.
Constant force close in ICS, works great for a few pages at a time.
Says not compatible with my device?
Definitely slower than stock & dolphin browsers. Locks up on the galaxy note. Still not suitable as the daily driver.
PLEASE LET ME SELECT AND COPY TEXT...I feel like it's 2007 all over again...
I was so happy when they updated this app to ver 14. But I can't Install the update for my HTC Desire!  The app's addon feature is still useful to me though. Which is why I'm giving it 2 stars instead of one.
Very choppy scrolling on my i9001 2.3.6. Opera is super fast and smooth so its not a rom or phone problem...
why i can't install this to Dell streak 5?
I agree with Joy & Erin. The long pauses with the freeze suuuucks. Also the user agent suuuucks. What a huge let down. Some great features over shadowed by some serious bugs. Still in the search for a decent browser. Tried them all. Boat still best for phone and tablet although buggy on tablet. I will check back after a good update if there is one.
I really wanted to like this but it's clunky and slow on my Motorola Droid4. Page loads hang, and anything with Javascript dies a quick death.  I'm especially disappointed that a manistream page like Google Reader chokes.  This app is not ready for prime time.
The new update made it freeze alot now. Before was working fine now it is hard to view pages. It moves slower and pages freeze. Update sucks
I had high hopes but performance was poor
No private browsing mode, full screen is an add on? Can't toggle autorotate? Don't add on this thing to death!
Keep it up FFMobile team. This browser is getting better
Better than other browsers but crashes quite a bit.
It's rather buggy. And slow. Sloooooow. Which is a shame, because I love Firefox. Honestly, it feels more like a beta.
Some web sites are not presented properly. But overall the performance is OK
Some buttons appear to missing when using the National Lottery (UK) website. They are there, but you have to guess where by swiping across blank areas. Also, when inputting numbers into tickets, the keyboard always swaps from numeric to alphabetic between number entries. Shame really.
If it did not crash so often.  Love Firefox, too bad.
I can get on websites with a username and password from my built in web browser but when I go to the same site with Mozilla it says incorrect password/username.
Browser is very fast and smooth but doesn't have copy and paste. Were it to have this feature it would be perfect
I think that firefox is a great web browser, but the android version crashes too often for me.
The customized tabs and the theme is pretty cool... what i dont like is that it takes up a large amount of internal storage cos app2sd says it would malfunction etc.... the browsing is decent
Còn thua xa nhìu so vs ucbrowser...haizzz
Not as good as the desktop version, but still pretty good.
Seems to be absolutely smashing my battery...  Blackout 3.0 on a Desire HD
Crashes a lot during browsing, especially during page loading. Going to use my default browser until this big is fixed. LG Connect 4G
It is the best browser on my device but has problem with DROIDSUN.ttf font. With this font all Persian words will separate, so I forced to change my default font to another one. Please do something. It is not good that I root my phone to see Persian sites. This problem will happen after sync with my desktop browser. Before syncing all things were OK. Thanks for new and better UI.
I had dolphin on my prior phone that didn't even get ice cream and it seemed to crash less. Its great when it works yet its beginning to crash and freeze up much more than I'd hoped it to. I'm running on a brand new spectrum so I don't see why this would happen?
Only "Text wrapping" feature is missing.  Please bring it soon.  Love Firefox!
I uninstalled this before but today I decided to come back. I wondered why I had left only to remember it was because of copy and paste which doesn’t work at all. While the browser is super fast, my biggest issue is copying and pasting, something I use a lot and need.
I uninstalled this before but today I decided to come back. I wondered why I had left only to remember it was because of copy and paste which doesn’t work at all. While the browser is super fast, my biggest issue is copying and pasting, something I use a lot and need.
Crashes on startup sometimes. Ics galaxy S3.  Please provide auto text wrap.  (I set text size and tap to fit text to screen.)  Also, let me browse in desktop mode is another must have.
Downloads aren't clear, downloaded files don't appear in the downloads windows (unlike Opera) it appears that Firefox isn't quite readymade
Getting better but flash performance is choppy whereas it isn't in stock browser. Desire S.
Pages render differently. Looks as if the sites see it as a desktop browser rather than mobile.
Very unstable. Close itself all the time.
My last review was about this app being rubbish, but recently it has changed for the better, more work is needed and nowere near asgood as opera,
I'm sure it's a nice browser. I know it works fine on PCs, but I had trouble with the bookmarks. It's pretty though.
My only real issue is that i had to uninstall it and reinstall it. With all the updates it had taken up near a gig of space
I love the user interface, but is really slow compared to other mobile browsers. New version not compatible with gt-p1000
Whenever there's a new update the sync is reset causing great inconvenience. Please fix this. Then I'll give you five (5) stars
Needs improvement in UI, navigation perhaps. I never use the top sites, rather I use my bookmarks.
Looks like it has potential
The last update was really nice but in my opinion it still needs to be a little faster and better flash integration.
Don't bother, if your reading this then you've already wasted too much time on this app...
Bring back highlight and copy miss it so much
Dont want keyboard to auto open every time. Not helpful
Missing options but still nice
Way slower load times than Dolphin Mini.  Nice addons though.
No copy and paste which is highly annoying. Works horrible with SwiftKey 3. Like the look and user friendliness. Good browser, just needs some work.
Before could copy the text but now you can't.. bring this back!
Pretty good. For some reason it won't let me log in to my Outlook-based webmail for work. This used to work in an older version. Trying to reinstall to see if this fixes the issue...
SYNC isn't working on my bionic...  just goes to a blank screen not crashing just a black void...
Improving slowly.
It's designed well, but at last for my phone it slows down the entire os
Bom, mas não tem como configurar pra apagar automaticamente o histórico.
This most recent version fixes a lot of bugs the previous version with the Evo Shift had (function key and directional pad non-operational, forced caps by pushing shift key and other key at the same time), but does away with the search within page option, and the slide side-bars for tabs and navigation are gone; the new interface is more awkward to navigate.
Caused my phone to reset and crashed on a few sites
slow page render. battery, memory and processor hungry. uninstalling...
Fast browser and i like but there's no close(x) button at toolbar(navigation bar) and no download notifocation for downloading add on.
Reallh pretty BUTTTT has some issues. Alot of web pages dont load correctly that the stock browser does. It doesnt stay in desktop mode and it had very limited options and settings. Leggo!
This fantastic browser works like charm .. but not anymore  I don't know what happened .. suddenly it can't load any page even Google !!
The latest update crashes often. Was better before
Not the pc powerhouse
Firefox is my main browser on the computer, but I just don't care for it as much on Android. It's kinda slow, and sometimes it hangs and/or pages won't load (even on WiFi). Mainly using Opera Mini.
I downloaded ff because I thought it would come close to the pc browser and was disappointed. Worked good for a few days on my S3 but then wouldn't load a page and would cause the internet to fizzle out on my phone. Please fix.
Seriously, improve the download manager.
FF on android is far less superior than its desktop counterparts, as sometimes it doesn't even work like the desktop or stock browser, for example, the frameset
This worked fine for a day or two and then started crashing. Reinstalled it but to no avail.
Buggy, and up to version 14.  Four...teen.  Maybe by 39 they will have a stable release.  With features.  Like mobile support, the way the native Android browser does.
Good browser, killed my battery for some reason so had to get rid.
Lags on droid x² terribly. Automatically opens digi keyboard if there is a text field on the page. Come on. Stock browser works much better. I just want this to stream youtube playlists and browse at the same time but with a 1-2 second lag even for scrolling a page is not worth it.
It runs fine but it makes the web look like a very basic version of the websites.. also is still not too confortable for browsing.. I'm going back to the dolphin browser in the meantime this one evolves.. for now its not as good even as the built in browser.. :/
Good
I liked the format, however it was extensively slow and crashed a lot.
Locks up sometimes on S3
not working on  Android 2.6.38.6+ buildsrv@lxdex2 #1 after service update  "This app is incompatible with your Orange Motorola XT320." ????
I will be looking for updates One thing for me is controlling orientation (landscape vs portrait) also plugins should have an easy access bar so I don't go through a bunch of menus.
Its okay...
Fast, elegant and, best of all, has adblock. But handles some sites clumsily and have found entering text in some websites to be bugged.
but slower than molasses in winter.
The latest version is much better than before.  I really want to use it but there are a few issues I'd like to see fixed.  Biggest one is to enable coping text to the clipboard in rendered web pages and similarly when long pressing on links.  Right now the options are open in a new tab, share, and bookmark.  The only way to copy a link is to click share, then gmail, then copy it out of the message and discard the message.  Also, there seems to be an odd issue with SwiftKey where it randomly types words when you click into a text field.  Not sure if it's a Firefox or SwiftKey issue, but it doesn't happen in the stock browser.  Also, there are a lot of stability issues, especially when accessing sites with complex content like streaming video.  I like the sync to desktop features and the great plugins, so I hope they fix these issues soon as this could be a great complement to the desktop browser.
I love firefox. I hope you add "copy/paste" ability in the next update.
There are things I like but lots of things that aggravate me. Drop down menus hide behind banner ads. Certain sites won't scroll. Because I have to be psychic to know what add ons to have some content, like the log in button on my health website, doesn't show up. Seems like a lot of common sense stuff is missing. I'm disappointed.
Can't see texts written in regional languages such as Bengali, hindi etc. Hope that the developers will check it very soon
It has no xtra feature like dolphin and opera
No zoom settings, no import bookmarks from stock browser... with all the 17 Mg it took to install this it sure lacks customization
Works bit still not as quick at rendering as stock HTC sense browser. Sense 3.5
Why does this application need permission to be able to record anything my camera is seeing at anytime? For a browser that has built its reputation on its security... I no longer feel secure using it.
Can't access all features on search engines and can't pull up a second tab
I love FF on my PC, so it's very convenient to have all of my passwords and bookmarks synced to my phone. But this browser crashes to the point that it's almost unusable.
Top Sites page cannot be cleared and is annoying. Many desktop options absent. Needs access to more addons.
Was expecting to love this but it turned out dolphin is better.
Not very fast, and quite ugly too, chrome is a MUCH better choice, except that this has extensions
It's a great app but it crashes too much
It's a great app but it crashes too much
Restarts or doesn't process, freezes while orig. browser works. Just not as good as on computer. Which is excellent otherwise.
Version 14 just as slow as previous versions
You can't all the sudden compete with Internet app that been out for ever - I'll wait a month or 2 so you guys can work out the kins and whistles.
My only major complaints are the lack of "find text in page" and text selection features. Browsing is very fast.
Too big and brought my Samsung exhibit 4g to a standstill.
i am using sony ericsson live with walkman with android 2.3.4 when i setup firefox sync it works well but when i switch my device off and turn it on again sync disappears and i have to set it again please fix that bug and have 5 stars
Renders faster than b4. There is no built in ability to copy & paste. I had difficulty entering text on an Outlook Webmail page but not sure who's to blame. Closer to being a daily driver but not quite there yet.
I prefer Firefox over Android browser (using jelly bean) , but am frustrated by how it always crashes after opening links from other apps. I have a work around but it's a bit of a pain. Otherwise I think this is my new phone browser!
Freezing constantly and links doesn't load correctly the first time.
Love the .gif support as.well as device sync. And ad blocker! However it lacks customization features and does crash considerably often.
Keeps opening new windows...Unstall..
Meh, still like the stock browser better.
This is just the start. In the future I hope Firefox will catch up with the competition, but for now the stock browser is better.  On pc it's my main browser.
When I load up Facebook the photos are all blurry if fixed I'll change to a 5 star rating! Other than that love the browser!
No problems best browser I've seen
As much as I happy to see firefox on android I'm uninstalling it. There's lots of room for future improvement to make it more userfriendly, but it's just too slow!
Needs to improve. Especially stability wise.
Not working good with flash plugin.somtimes freezing .  improved alot from old versions
There is scope for built it flash player which comes default in browser of android. Also u cannot view the file size when u are downloading it.
1: Cant select any doc, excel file to upload via browser. It shows only images, video and audio files.  2:  in input field, cannot change the pointer/cursor to go to next word or at the last word.
Could be better...
Works smooth, but it lacks any advanced settings. Don't expect to find even 1/10 of the features of the desktop version. Syncing also fails, so no bookmark sync for me. Adblock is nice. Crashes a lot!
По сравнению с заводским WebKit'ом вообще шняга... Шрифты левые какие-то, управление глючное... Конечно, пользоваться можно, но с WebKita меня это приложение перейти не заставило. На всех компах стоит Firefox, однако с устнановкой его на телефон лучше повременю.
But ultimately Dolphin does it better, faster, and easier.  Love firefox on desktop, step it up on mobile!
I love this browser, but won't continue to use it until the issue rendering the google mobile site is fixed.
Options are a little lacking, such as tab opening preferences, and a desktop mode would be nice. Sparse selection of add-ons. The deal breaker is no flash support on this device. Droid X2 (Tegra 2 / Gingerbread 2.3)
Its ok.. Not excellent... I don't know why. My dual core phone slows down in this browser..!  Plz make it fast..! Less heavy..!
..But chrome is wayyyy better
Last update is a catastrophy. It can't load any page. I was forced to uninstall and reinstall it again. Now it is working.
The last update for me totally changed the user interface to that of the beta version. this version sucks. Pinch and zoom doesn't work right. Pages don't display text correctly. The browser freezes up. I am using HTC Evo 4G. I am going back to using the stock browser. I should have never updated . :(
Highly enjoyed until it started force closing every other Web Page
Still has flaws Download timeouts Copy/paste bugs Speed timeouts  Still think dolphin is better
It's fast, the Awesome Screen makes mobile browsing fun again, but the default zoom level is all over the place and there's no way to change it in the settings. I'm going to stick with Dolphin HD.
It is a bit slow but I love that it has add on support unlike mobile chrome.  hopefully the project will continue to make it better and faster.
Good
It smooth but lack Copy&Paste...that's critical.
For whatever reason my flash player is being unidentified with this app. .ive uninstalled an reinstalled countless times but to no avail. .you guys should look into that
For whatever reason my flash player is being unidentified with this app. .ive uninstalled an reinstalled countless times but to no avail. .you guys should look into that
NO FLASH PLAYER SUPPORT....STOCK BROWSER HAS...5 STARS WHEN FLASH IS SUPPORTED...
It works
No advanced settings like desktop/mobile view or homepage settings.
I turned to firefox when opera mini started to crash too much. I origanly used opera mini becuase it is verrry friendly with low speed internet, by lowering image quality and so on, which is a great feature.  After using firefox for minutes i felt alot of things missing and screwed. 1st i have to make 2 clicks to change from tab to tab 2nd i have to make 2 clicks to bookmark. Whyyy it is easier than that 3rd i have to make a click before seeing all opened tabs.And it takes all the screen. I cant write more
Unfortunately, it's just never been as solid as I would like on mobile. Just too slow and unwieldy. I keep wanting it to work and I keep trying, but other browsers just handle better and use less memory.
Crashes my HTC desire s a few times but like on the pc it slows down.
худший и неудобнейший браузер для девайсов!!!
The browser is quite snappy and I love the fact that you can use some of the Firefox addons like AdBlock. But it's still pretty buggy and crashes far too often. There should also be a built in desktop browser mode, we shouldn't have to download a cumbersome addon to so that. Might download this later on, but I'm going back to the Galaxy S3 stock browser.
Nice that thay added Flash support and thay made it faster. But why cant we change user agent from settings? its pre set to mobile which is annoying. Also i dont seem to be able to copy text from websites. Fix this please Mozilla!
1. We had to wait till ICS to have Unicode support. But now FF does not render it properly. 2. No option to close the last tab
After update, I can no longer open attachments in yahoo email, nor open html links.  Also seems to be incompatible with Kindle; once I've opened one the other freezes and I need to restart my tablet.
Please fix it soon. Its speed is much slow then built in and chrome browser. This is my favorite browser but now speed is slow. Galaxy s2 ICS
Lack of functions, can't access bookmarks easily. You have to open a new tab just to get to the bookmark menu. Too long!
I love using firefox on my computer, but this app is terrible. Searching is bad, I can't edit a search term without starting over, I just don't like it. Uninstalling.
Average speed compared to stock app.  Cannot set a custom home screen.
Initially when I first used this it was rubbish.recent versions are much improved with browsing much faster and flash support added and the ability to sync bookmarks with your desktop. Still no gesture support and lack of options compared to other browsers though.
Clear history doesn't work, app slows down to a crawl after some use, needs to be restarted. Asus TF700 with ICS
MALLI
The reason I liked the last version because it showed how long the download was going to take but the one was at most a 4 star app.
A widget option would be helpful, along with importing bookmarks from my mobile browser
Let me change the user agent.
Too slowly
Too many little things just are rendered poorly or strangely.  Many sites end up with incredibly tiny text, sometimes mixed randomly with much larger text.
Needs a home button. Google doesn't display properly on Firefox. Better than the previous version.
Firebox is really slow on my phone, even the stocl one is faster
I dislike being forced into the mobile version of every flipping website! Stock browser wasn't so difficult to navigate either. I'll wait for upgrades
It looks prettier, great. No longer for power users, lost a lot of great features. Slow as hell on initial page load as it searches through years of internet history trying to match pages.
How do I make it my default browser?
I love the way it resizes text but 80% of the time the page won't load when dolphin will.
No hold to copy in the browsing window, only works in the address bar. Also can't see radio buttons.
!.    C.!ibbbbzzmn  .   ... . .  -.     ! ! Z. . .
Crashes, freezes.  I'm going back to dolphin
best 4 anroid
Good but heavy sizes
I really want to like Firefox for Android, but it's too slow in comparison to the stock browser/Opera for me to use. I do like how it handles tabs though.
The kinetic scrolling and the bounce implementation is unpleasant and cheap feeling. You should use the real Android scrolling, it feels right.
It's fast and in many ways better than android browser. But, I cannot find a setting to autofit text to screen width which is so good on Android. It would also be good to be able to autoclear browsing history on closing session.
It's slow and UI not refined.
My first installation. Found that is was unable to set a homepage; unable to select text on a webpage; unable to search text within a webpage; unable to open browser on a blank page.   I might find other things that it might or might not do compared to my stock browser.  BUT, Firefox Sync is awesome.
This app is always freezing whenever I use it. Then it crashes.
If I could copy text from pages it'd get 5 stars
And crushy.
Great ideas but still too many FCs(on Jelly Bean) to be used as my normal browser.
much better
I was loving this app, until I realized that you can't Copy/Paste in it. I will try it again when you can. :-/
At first HTC HD seems to do nothing. You can get at menus and stuff but no urls. So then I re-installed it and it began working again. But slowly. Maybe I need another phone.
Every update says flash support yet I still get"an additional plugin is required.I will try this again later but uninstalling for now.
I found out pretty quickly that this browser doesn't handle forms well at all - I would type my information into a field, then tap the next field only to watch firefox "copy" the previous field's information to the new field.  Even after making sure I deleted each field before typing, the website I was using still wouldn't take the information.  I used the same information in Dolphin, and it worked perfectly.  I will continue to use firefox because I like the look, but will keep dolphin around for the necessary.
It needs Flash capabilities!  Firefox, is of course, the best browser. But when it can't display Flash content, that's a little bit sad.  Even the stock browser can do this...
Suddenly stop browsing in my Sony Ericsson .Little delay function.No shortcut to clean histories.somehow ok.
Well it is a great experience ever to use it on Android. I have been use internet expo till I didnot download it. But when I got it then I know I was foolish .
.
Need lots of improvement. The layout is different, too small for a phone screen. No copy and paste. No private browsing.
Needs user-agent config and keep the screen on when watching flash vids.
After the last update has been force closing everytime there is more than one tab open. May uninstall until new release comes out.
I like the new look, but no text find on page? Also, when you download a file, if you tap the progress bar that appears on the notification bar, the download disappears and you lose your progress. That's very disappointing.
I love your pc browser but this is not so good. Dolphin has you beat on this one
Unable to update/install in galaxy note with ICS 4.04...
I really want to use this browser as the main browser on my phone, I would even put up with it being slower. But Dolphin Browser's gesture search is just too simple and easy. Implement that and I'll use it!
I love the idea but instead of Internet for Android it was more like Internet for the computer on a smaller screen I like the set up and feel of dolphin better Firefox will pass dolphin and then I will re download Firefox and give it a 5 star just a few more updates and I think it will be nailed
Doesn't work on polaroid pmid device
Having FireFox on all my computers and now on my phone is great. Quick access to my history through sync is great, bookmarks too but...when using my phone everything is too small. Wish it were a true mobile version. I find myself constantly enlarging Google searches and site. I wish it would access all the sites as a mobile device.
Dolphin is still much slicker, but sometimes does not download files correctly, when Firefox does. Problems with details in Firefox like double tap zoom not working and awkward text resize. SGS2 4.0.3.
Getting better, but should at least through setting allow the user to enable basic text handling features that ship in the pics stock browser .  Strengths: sync, UI Weakness: basic text copy/search and text find
Keeps force closing!
It as a browser is much better..but can't watch videos upload pics to Facebook can't move the cursor ... Still needs improvements.. but I love FireFox so give it tome.but don't take your time fixing please
Why is the Google mobile site not the fully featured one?
Was very surprised when I couldn't copy text, looking at comments it looks like it needs some work To change the user agent, go to about:config and add a new string , name it general.useragent.override, and set the text to the new user agent
The google used in the browser was very frustrating also would occasionally freeze up on me but overall I liked it.
Need new way to swich tabs or close them,,, like google chrome for example
It's not a worthless app, and I love Firefox for desktop computer, but the Mobile app just isn't up to par. It slows down my phone considerably, doesn't have a very intelligent search/URL bar, and you can't select text on a page. I do love adblock plus on it though.
活跃的自由浏览器中，还没受大公司控制的一款。
I cannot tap on phone numbers. If I need to call someone I had to remember the number or open the link in another browser. Simple thing yet not implemented
很快ok
Loaded on a Toshiba 300 tablet.  Very nice.  I just wasn't able to find any important settings like setting the homepage, security, pretty much anything in the standard Tools area.  Uninstalled.
Firefox Mobile runs fine.  However, my Desktop Bookmarks are not shown as they appear on my desktop and there is no color on the bookmark folder just a dark gray folder symbol.  Chrome bookmarks have color and are aligned on my Razr Maxx just as they appear on my desktop.  Also, cannot select the desktop site as I can in Chrome
Interface is ugly, difficult to read Google searches.  Wish it was more like PC version.
But to choppy and crashes alot.   I'll check back in a month or so.
It worked for a time but then it just straight up and refused to load any website I chose. Back to stock I go.
Zoom and rendering feels funny. Sites usually look a bit different than on other browsers.
But all forms will NOT work well with SwiftKey. I try to click and it hangs on any entry box. Also have trouble clicking radio buttons that work fine in stock browser. Looks like the beta isn't over.
Same problem with typing in title block while it shows option list of previous words.   Surfing the web is not bad.
U did nothing in the last update the app still don't keep activities
Unusable.  Zooms in and out without warning. This is most annoying as it would make a great defalt browser. But i can't live with its unpredictablity.
Is not bad, sites are displayed correctly and fast. Firefox on desktop is sluggish sometimes but due to addons mostly and flash player. This seems ok buy the flash player doesn't work properly.
Still prefer to use Dolphin. Why no settings to select user agent? Mobile sites by default .. bit laggy compared to Dolphin, not as many custom options as Dolphin. :-(
Faster than previous version but still slower than chrome 1. choosing user agent with phony will broke google search 2. broken adblockplus, cant change subscription
why? the new version eith flash support was the best android browser ever! i finally coud listen tv or youtube in unfocused tab while browsing for next song in another tab without sound to stop. put it back pls!!!
I don't know if it's just me or not but I can't copy text in this browser. I love most things about this browser however omitting put a basic feature like copying text just seems like an unwise move. Here's hoping that this will be fixed soon.   Galaxy Nexus (4.1)
I love Firefox and its my favorite pc browser and I would love to say the same for my Android but this needs a lot of work. Flash support needs to be upgraded. I love the tabs, add-ons need work. Get your developers to work! I would call this a beta! Three stars until fixed!
not work sync my s2 pls update
Often gets crash.. Dont know why..
Can't believe.
This app is incompatible with my Android 2.3.7 HTC Desire. So I've rated it 3* and will update this to a proper review once they get it working for us lowly Desire users.
Good browser. Would be even better if the stability issues are fixed. Crashes aa lot.
firefox always break the native input method, i face problem on both old and new version. the current version, i cant point my cursor at the middle of text. everytime when i wanted to correct my typo, i have to use the backspace to clear all the texts from the end. that just doesn't look fine.
Still needs work but it is a heck of a lot better.shows flash content but when trying to play YouTube video it will prompt to use another browser or program.
Major fan of Firefox on the desktop, but this is missing so much basic functionality that Opera and, in some cases, my in-built browser has. No way to disable history/top sites, no way to set a homepage, no way to view/edit bookmarks without first opening a new tab, no security settings, no mobile/desktop agent switch. This isn't Firefox. It's a load of crap with a Firefox skin.
Seems to crash SwiftKey when typing in the address bar. I must thank you for providing the option to run flash too. A huge improvement from the first version...
Good
Does what it says it will do, though sometimes gets difficult to click links, as they just don't work, or scroll down pages as it just flicks around. Sync is especially handy.
Slow and glitchy... I know firefox can do better.
Sync once a day n bookmarks only would be best. Fox to fox pc vice versa would be good option
but the previous layout was more user friendly
Not bad
Firefox Mobile has improved much over time, and it certainly needed to. Although it looks quite promising now, there are still big problems that need to be resolved. Resource consumption is still relatively high. Clipboard functionality is still absent for phones, and that's definitely a show stopper for me.
Needs to be easier to operate.
People keep commenting that it's good for still being in beta but it's not in beta anymore people.
Fast, ready to use and syncs well with desktop but it needs a view in desktop mode to beat out chrome.
No flash on tablets.
There is no Motorola Xoom support... and Google owns Motorola, what else can you expect
Huge fan of Firefox on desktop but this browser can't match the current chrome for android 4+ devices.  Little things like clicking phone numbers to call are missing.  The text size on pages are uneven.  I like a navbar, but its a little too large.  Close, I really want this to shine
The text is the same size whether I set it to tiny or extra large on my LG viper.
It's still not my daily driver, but I find myself using it more often.
In my opinion I use this browser for flash only. For other uses I use chrome. Loads faster and gives better desktop kind of experience. Firefox comes 3rd or 4th on my list of best browser. This isn't ready yet to go against chrome or the opera mobile browser. I recommend those whose doesn't have ics yet use opera or dolphin browser.  Rankings: 1.  CHROME 2. OPERA 3. DOLPHIN 4. FIREFOX
Doesn't work right on tablets!   I know it says phones only but show the tablets some love for crying out loud!
I like everything else, but the text gets sooo wonky. Sometimes its super big, and sometimes its not. And if you aren't going to make text readjust to the zoom level, at least have an add on. Besides that its almost there!
The google search results are shown as if they were being opened on a laptop. They alphabets are tiny and require continuous zooming in and out. Otherwise, awesome browser on desktop and on phone.
Excellent mobile browsing experience, but missing key features for power users	Review revision 6/30: had to drop my rating to 3 stars. While the browsing experience and app is smooth, comfortable, and intuitive. Tab management and session & history syncing to multiple devices is very useful too. But I've realized after using FF 14 for a few days that it's missing some key features that I rely on:  - there is no ability to highlight and copy text on a web page  - no "find in page" text search...  kind of a d
Excellent mobile browsing experience, but missing key features for power users	Review revision 6/30: had to drop my rating to 3 stars. While the browsing experience and app is smooth, comfortable, and intuitive. Tab management and session & history syncing to multiple devices is very useful too. But I've realized after using FF 14 for a few days that it's missing some key features that I rely on:  - there is no ability to highlight and copy text on a web page  - no "find in page" text search...  kind of a d
The new tabs are great, but every other change with the UI is just a pain like the stock android browser.
Arrrrgh!!  I can't select text anymore to copy to an email, this is crucial, please fix :)
i can't play videos without downloading it first this is bad,slow,and it takes alots of space.
quite a long way to go,FF,come on!
Zooming has a weird feeling. I have to zoom out 2 or 3 times before getting full view same with zoom in.. Sensitivity needs to be adjusted to be like the stock browser. Other than that Very good.
Zugegeben, es läuft bei Videos viel schneller und flüssiger als Opera. Doch allein die fehlenden Optionen und Kontrolltasten machen FF in der Praxis quasi unbenutzbar. Der Aufbau ist viel zu verwirrend und nicht wirklich intuitiv. Sollte Opera in Zukunft nicht flüssiger laufen, bleib ich beim Dolphin.
I've been a loyal Firefox user since Firefox 1.0, and I was disappointed when I figured out I couldn't get this on my tablet. Although I do like the app on my phone.
Seriously some websites are completely unusable because the fonts are either too small or too big. I shouldn't have to zoom in and out constantly just to read a some paragraph. Fix it.  Using an Inspire 4G with both stock Gingerbread ROM and Ice Cream Sandwich ROM. The problem manifests on BOTH platforms!
No home page. loads to a jump page. Set as a mobile browser only. renders pages better than Dolphin. Dolphin has much better features. too clumsy.
Mobile Browsers really need the ability to full screen. Also no user agent selection in settings.. hardly any settings. No proxy etc.. really expect more form a 16mb browser.
Slow, freezes, I'll look forward to  the next update
As stated, missing features compared to desktop version. In addition, it crashes a lot on Jellybean
Quick and smooth on my galaxy note running aokp.  Such a vast improvement from when I last tried it a month or more ago. Having problems with Google site though.
Firefox on android has improved end but flash embedded web pages still lag significantly.  The default android browser out performs Firefox as it it is faster, smoother and renders flash heavy websites far smoother.  A real shame.
Very good , but ultimately i had to uninstall.  Too buggy still.  I will certainly revisit as they improve as I am a loyal FF user .  They have been great !
Works great
Randomly fails to display pages (that usually work)
New version is not so good imho. Some sites I could browse without issue before I can not now due to pages not displaying correctly, or at all. I have to mess around zooming in and out, moving around the page to get things to appear.....when they will. Also is EXTREMELY heavy on resources and lags a lot almost to the point of completely locking up the android system. A big step backwards in functionality, however I do like the new look.
The newest version of Firefox mobile offers incredible interface improvements but lacks basic and essential features. While the browser looks beautiful and runs wonderfully, it fails to offer page search, a copy and paste function, and the ability to view pages as Desktop by default. A step in the right direction, but still a work in progress.
Why do you need to take control of my camera? Too invasive, not going to update!
It views web sites fine, but missing all the bells and whistles. Can't change the home page, or copy text from a page. Switching back to Dolphin.
Not liking the update.. the web page layout is not as good as it was..
In Desktop useragent: Gmail direct: look @email: cannot scroll all the way down page and PDF save cuts off right side text. RAM hogger; USAtoday (Raw)/website videos: audio/video controls intermittent; no bookmark management to folders; Google search visited pgs only in html viewer & auto downloads "x" file??? (unreadable).
Surprised how fast this seems to be compared to chrome. Although this could be the fact that chrome loads the page in front of you and firefox waits until it's fully loaded to show you the page. Big problem is that when I go to type  in the address bar my keyboard doesn't always come up. Quite a big problem really.
no le conseguí manera de cambiar el user agentes :s algo tan pesado debería tenerlo
I was watching a Flash video and to my disgust, the screen timed out. This happened even in fullscreen.
Favorite thing bout FF was its download manager.......... now its not and im looking for another browser
I really do! But until the good folks find a way to get the browser and SwiftKey to work together, I can't use it!
Not bad, though it needs a way to view standard web pages.
Not good.. Only helps me keep tracks of my bookmarks
Desktop is better
The auto sync disconnects and i have you pair the device again even on auto sync on
Great for looking up....
Add "clear all tabs", menu option
I love firefox on my web browser. It sucks on my Galaxy s 2. It won't play flash. Since it won't do that its not worth exploring further.
Not liking the new interface at all, not to mention I now have trouble typing because the text box disappears under the keyboard. Almost unusable like that, fix it.
While it is extremely smooth, fairly fast and clever text formatting, HTML5 based video streaming such as youtube does not work! It only start loading with the circle circling for a few seconds and then it stopped loading with a big X.
I use copy and paste and this don't. Other wise it looks good and runs fast on my epic.
It has potential, but will not be using until it is more stable as it just keeps crashing.
Add a bookmark widget for firefox pls!!!
Great to have Firefox on my device finally. Much better than the default browser (for Galaxy S at least) in stability, speed and look but needs more options in the settings menu (download location, homepage, etc).
It okay but I can say it do work better
It mostly refuses to load pages (times out connection) on my G S3. :( FF has always been my favorite browser, but right now, it's impossible to use on my phone... :(  Samsung Galaxy S3, Android Ice Cream Sandwich.
Nicee
It's just like other browsers, no flash on ICS. Chrome is more stable.
Firefox on Android is slowly improving with each release. Devs look at Maxthon on phone and desktop to see how it should be done. If you can do that, Firefox would be amazing !
Has crashed a few times and can be slow but is good when it works
It is fast, but it crashes sometimes and my tablet freezes.
Very natural browser to use, but not being able to copy text is a huge issue.
Awesome with a BIG BUT.Why can't I copy text from web page, access history, request desktop site(browsing agent), find text in page, have option to save pages within browser and not just as PDF.
Firefox is said to require Android 2.2 or higher.  I'm running 4.0.3 on a Tegra 3 Asus Transformer Prime, but instead of having a download option, Play Store states that Firefox isn't even compatible with my device.  What in the world? It's probably a fine app, but I wouldn't know -- minutes two stars!
SE Xperia pro:  Fn key, Shift key, Lang selector, Symbol key  not working at all, making it impossible to even login somewhere
Still buggy, seams to lag, especially when trying to zoom or fit to screen, or when panning from one area of a zoomed in page to another area.  Annoying how every time we click a link there's a pop up asking if we want to use Firefox or the stock browser, multiple times for the same link.
Better than previous versions but still buggy here and there.  Stock browse with RAZR seems to be more stable.
Well, I had to abandon the earlier version since Fx was so sluggish with no apparent advantage over the stock browser, let alone the mobile. market leading big 0.   However, I have to say the latest version of Fx does bring a lot of improvement that makes your browsing experience, well.. Pleasant! Speed was decent, so do the compability & stability.  That said Mozilla still has a lot of homework to do, copy-paste function is still missing and the small screen rendering has room for improvement.
Hangs frequently, but still a fast browser overall.
Better tab management than stock browser, but no html5. Opera is also much faster in terms of speed and the tab management is beautiful.
Its not working good on my LG optimus 2x its not smooth it hangs over several times
Can't select taxt...
Fast, syncs with desktop without creepy spying like Google, and extensions. Only missing feature is copy-paste.
Was hoping for mozilla quality. Uninstalling.
way too HUGE install size of 17mb, no arrow keys support, clicked links don't highlight right, no user-agent customization, no selectable text, no cursor? come on...
Requires too much processor. Does not work on my Nook color simply hangs.
Lg spectrum stock Verizon load, hangs at least once a day. Not ready for prime time.  Way too buggy.
I want to use this on my Asus Transformer Prime, but it's not letting me install!!
Good browser but it crashes far too often.
The browser itself is beautifully put together but now Proxy Mobile won't work with it, so I personally I won't be using it tll then
But it Use the ram a lot
When it's loading pages, it's definitely the best browser on mobile, flash support is as it should have been from the beginning pinchable, perfectly integrated to the page.  Love it, replaced my default browser on ICS 4.0.4 Please do the same for my Galaxy Tab 10.1 and fix that's strange bug I have since beta version, page loading that stops to work, have to kill the process for the browser to start to work again.
Video choppy w no sound sync when using FF. Didnt have same issues w Dolphin at same location, same network, and same page load.
Hmm speed is good and faster now, but my favourite option is been removed "Find on Page"
Google Chorme is Better
Awesome, smooth browser. Don't like the way text is made to fit your screen though but there is probably a fix for that somewhere in the settings :)
Is'is good ........
Some forms/pages aren't rendered correctly, clicking links seems unintuitive most times (delayed response will make you re-press more than once), but the performance is much improved. Headed in the right direction at least.
Doesn't load some site properly and uses bit too much ram
Still prefer Google chrome, on a HTC vivid, a it is just smoother and better. The browsing experience isn't much better and isn't much faster either.
Ok app
Please fix address bar so when you click it and it highlights the keyboard automatically comes up so you can type in a new address. Bringing up "top sites" "bookmarks" and "history" tabs does not help especially when you want to type in a completely different/new web address - this forces you to hold the backspace button on keyboard and delete the currently 'very long' url address. this is a very tedius and tiresome process.  this would be a perfect browser if this change was made. android stock browsers and dolphen and opera all do this.   please fix firefox :)
Works pretty fast, but I need that option...
I liked it when we were able to pause downloads as we pleased. I would appreciate it if you brought that back.  -thanks
Love the look, pretty smooth, love sync function, but not but some navigation is a little weird, (not following the progression of other browsers over the last 4 years or so, perhaps allowing for future innovation, hopefully. But in order to make these leaps people need to be using it to expose bugs/improvements. That said I know personally I won't due to it's awful flash performance, ie unforgivable audio sync issues. Otherwise could and potentially would be primary browser.
why was compatibility for toshiba thrive dropped??
It is definitely better than the stock browser that muat have come with those older android phones. But the browser on rooted device performed better than firefox. It lacks too mqny features like suggesting search as is done over the stock browser.
With the latest update im suddenly being bombarded with advert sites and adblock doesn't get rid of it at all If you could at least add a setting ao that they dont automatically make you go to the page that would be far less annoying Its pretty bad when you're trying to read stuff
Performance superb. Please add option to deactivate Java Script. For privacy & security reasons! Please! Though great, I love Firefox.  :-)	Please add option to deactivate Java Script. For security & privacy reasons! Please! I don't want to use chrome. Though i love Firefox.  :-)
As far as a regular browser goes if you don't mind the occasional failed or completely nonloadable pages this app is for you. I am not that user.
A solid browser but sometimes is slow and bogged down with excess stuff. Occasional crashes should be expected.
Give em time. It was recently beta. PC version wasn't the best when it first came out, but is the only one I use on PC now. As long as they continue to try to fix it, and im sure they will, it will be the browser I use for my phone. Till then I will install it here and there to test it out. Keep up the good work DEVS.
Nice but sluggish. Uninstalled. Opera is much better.
I was quite amazed with beautiful look and the kind of performance this new mobile version of firefox offered. At the same time i felt sad not to find it's availability with indian languages.
No flash for galaxy s3..  browser was very fast and only prob I had was not being able to find a desktop mode...  uninstalled..
Dont compare it with the  desktop one
No text highlite-copy-paste No find on page No auto re wrapping No option to choose default zoom Could not play a youtube video on the page, would not open a separate app too (maybe only on my phone which runs a custom ICS ROM) Very fast though! While I am absolutely happy with the desktop version, see you later guys until your Android version catches up. Thanks for your great efforts!
Just need to add more options as far as settings go. Ex: set home screen, page layout/ui settings, etc...  Other than that its super fast!
Hey Dev team, don't normally write a review but I have some things to discuss. Compared to previous versions, this update brought significant speed increases in terms of startup. Unfortunately, the default ICS browser (not chrome,default) is still the best option. The default has a media player attached, so I don't have to download every video I click, but stream it, unlike Firefox. Also, downloading images (particularly .jpeg) from default browser are compatible with my phone. FF is incompatible.
As a long time supporter of Mozilla wanted this to work,  but having to uninstall due to frequent crashes. Please  fix and I will look again .
One of the many things I like is that I can use the Adblock Plus add on, just like on my desktop!!
works fine, but the desktop/mobile visualization is not simply switchable and it does not offer nothing better than (let's say) the Dolphin browser.
I downloaded what I thought was functional,  not beta. Keyboard is totally messed up.  Kept typing the previous value or random text in the next box.  Focuses weird and doesn't type some characters too.  Browsing seemed fast,  but had some issues too. Interface is a good start,  but needs some work and ability to show desktop version of Page. Love this in full desktop Windows even though Opera supports more Html5 controls,  but this was a little bit of a letdown.
Not sure if I understand all the permissions but, I love Mozilla for android because it's simple. However, it's a RAM hog, and the app doesn't seem to recognize alot of the buttons on my Droid2, which is quite frustrating when editing a text box and not being able to move the cursor to the end of the line because for some reason especially on GOOGLE when I press the altkey it seems to completely negate the website and I have to close the browser to reenable any clickable hotspot
Great browser, except when using SwiftKey 3, when you go to type in a field, it automatically enters the last word from the previous field. Very annoying.
Very slow compared to the default browser. But I love the bookmark and history transfer.
This browser needs a lot of work. I expected better from Mozilla. Go back to your roots: simplicity! Let add-ons take care of features. Too bulky
I think Mozilla should making homepage as simple as Dolphin.  I hope there is firefox's add-on for Speed Dial on Homepage,,because Speed Dial makes me easier to get my favorite websites soon.
Am enjoying this latest version. It's certainly faster than others I've used. Only 3 stars because it keeps losing my synch settings and I have to setup sync again on more-or-less a daily basis. Also, would love it to reflow the text when I zoom in. Is this possible?
No use if u can't select text in a web pafe
Not stable even for googling!
It would have been the best if not for the slow performance. Opera is the best ever!
Still cannot select and copy text. Hope next update will enable this.
:(
Looks nice and started well, but this remains buggy and uneven when it should have stabilized long since.
Why theres no settinto make desktop page,when i go to facebook its always phone page
Werde wohl erstmal weiter bei Dolphin Browser bleiben, der Firefox lädt mittlerweile zwar sehr schnell Seiten, aber beim scrollen  treten zumindest bei mir (Micro) Ruckler, auf beim Dolphin läuft das scrollen wesentlich flüssiger. Außerdem sagt mir die Bedienung noch nicht voll zu. Insgesamt ist de mobile FF aber ein brauchbarer Browser mit Schwächen, aber Potential. Die Desktop Version ist bei mir schon seit Jahren in Benutzung und ich bin mehr als zufrieden mit ihm, hoffentlich schafft die Mobiele Version das irgendwann auch.
īҭ ฬ๏гкร ғīกє ๏ก ๓ұ ๔๏กє
17 mb is way too large for a browser. Dolphin HD is only 3.4 mb and does most of the stuff FF does. Please reduce the size.
great browser ..favourite from PC to andriod..BUT latest version cant select, copy, paste text...and wont show ongoing downloads
I never manage to update in a single download: signature error each time, each release. Now FF crashes while trying to update bookmarks and history. I'd hate having to use another browser from now on.
... the Bookmarks should be more easier to get to.
Setup successful. But ff not operation on my Xperia S with ICS 4.0.4
I won't use anything but Firefox on desktop, but this implementation is poor.   Prefer Dolphin, Opera, and Maxthon. I guess I wait a little longer for Android Gecko.
I was hopeful but anything except Mozilla sites looked like they were just a crappy mobile version which lacked information/coding.  I look forward to fixes.
In 2012, I take off two full stars for that.
Much better UI compared to the last version, also heaps faster!   Just that it crashes much too often though!
Loved this until todays update. Now when on fb when u scroll right the top bar of facebook is static can't see anything to the right of the search bar. BLAH!
Sadly I don't think its as good as the stock browser. Slow and for some reason loads full web sites not mobile. And there is no option to change it like the stock browser.  Which makes it slower.
Needs find on page feature. Needs improvements but Still a good browser
I have an Alcatel 998 S. And this means that the downloads take forever and they just cancel themselves. I have had previous good experiences with mozilla and I am hoping that once it actually downloads nothing changes!
Some features missing, like Text Reflow. Some websites don't render properly while opening properly on other browsers.  Still a no-go for me. Will keep using Opera mobile.
I love this new version of Firefox, the interface is clean and its performance is fast. With add ons such as Adblock (install dev version from official site at time of writing) it's a must for me. Sadly, the lack of private browing, find in page, and a built in "Request desktop site" option make it sometimes annoying. There are also a few bugs, with the most notable of which being that the screen sometimes does not correctly refresh (e.g. I check a checkbox, but it does not appear ticked, even if it is)
Well its laggy
GREAT! A lot better than it used to be. It really is the best proxyless browser on Android. Good stuff. Keep it coming Mozilla!
copy paste not great
But on android, it is just too slow. I use it on my desktop, so I thought it would be good on Android. I will try it again when I replace my DROIDX. Maybe it will be better on a dual core processor, we will see.
RajK sucs on galaxy s v2.3.3
Loving the speed and Awesome Bar integration, but the behavior around mobile websites is weird - when pulling up an article sometimes I'll get the mobile site, sometimes the desktop site with inflated main text and tiny, unusable everything else.  I'd love to fully switch away from the standard browser but it's hard to do until this is fixed.
Nice but chrome is much better
That this was better than dolphin browser, but its so sluggish when compared to dolphin.  Get faster and ill switch, until then.
I'm using a sony ericcson xperia mini pro and firefox currently doesn't support the auto symbol mode on the slide out keyboard (I have to hold down the symbol button before I can type symbols and numbers) Please fix this and you will get 5 stars!
Not happy with the latest update.  My Work webmail doesn't work at all with this update.  No cut/paste.  Topsite page is dumb and can't turn it off.  Very fast though.
Took the new version for a spin, much improved over prior efforts. It was reasonably quick and has a novel interface. Still needs ability to set homepage and view pages in desktop mode by default. Good work!
can not copy / select text.   samsung gal S II
4star for r10, one star for r14: in r10 we can swipe the page left and right to get quick toolbar, but r14 removed this.  r14 also make adblock not working. bad.
Nicely improved but chrome for android is better.
Average.  Very slow
I can't find text wrap option. So disappointed... Going back to stock b4 I get me a chrome...
The stock browser that comes with Android 4.0 beats this by a wide margin.
متصفح سلس ورايق
Love it!!!!!!
Java not working
Typing in landscape mode doesn't work. Autocorrect doesn't work and the cursor jumps back to the beginning. I can't type anything wider than the screen without getting frustrated.
Was impressed until I found it didn't allow text be selected and copied
Definetly one of the quicker browsers available. My one big complaint is tapping the address bar does not bring up the keyboard but instead bookmarks/history. Tapping the address bar again brings up the keyboard but also unselects the url which means I have to hold backspace to delete the address. Maybe its just me. Using Samsung galaxy s2 skyrocket.
Cool app but really sluggish
Apparently there is no JavaScript? This is a joke compared to Chrome then.
Force closed multiple times. Although it has bettered itself but needs to speed up dev as chrome came out of beta and dolphin is already a leader while opera rules on low end phones.
had to reconfigure the sync!! Why?? Had I been away from my desktop I would have been even less amused........... And it's crashed ............... the old one worked, albeit slowly  Hey ho  Rebooted the phone at it does seem happier .................. add another star :)
Htc sensation... After update hangs on first screen.. beta version is working... Fix it please :)
Love the way tabs work, but the back button often fails, google search results page looks horrible and I don't like the behavior when you tap the URL bar.
Nice that it has flash, but now pretty useless, Proxy, Adblock, Cleary, etc now no longer functional. Updated Phony and it works about as well as it did before, still sporadic, hence why I proxy. Now, most of my favorite sites are not functional because they still see my browser as an android device. Reverting, I'll use Dolphin if I want flash content.
В последнем обновлении пропали все удобства управления, теперь это обычный браузер. Как откатиться?
The title says it all.
Good one app.
This browser (in its current version) is faster than Chome on my Galaxy Nexus, which I like. I'm also a fan of the Flash support, but it isn't that useful because full-screen Flash video doesn't keep the screen on. What??
Renders Facebook and Google in their old handicapped mobile versions
Love ff, but the most recent update has problems eg when you delete emails in gmail, ff crashes. Not good enough.
Glad the browser has Flash! I know HTML 5 is replacing it. But, too many sites still need it. However, I have to knock this browser for not having a way to display desktop pages. I HATE MOBILE PAGES! They are far to limited. I EXPECT a mobile browser to be able to show desktop pages nowadays. No excuse Firefox.
I love Firefox on the desktop, but I'm not a big fan of the Android version. For starters, the installation file is HUGE! Way to make a great first impression. I'm also not a big fan of the UI, but will reconsider in the future. I'm sure it's still a work in progress. Until then....
It is best than the old Firefox but it still comsume 45-50 mb ram. Plz make it to near 30-35 mb use of ram. Or make a mini version for older phones. I love this browser and want to use it....
Great update, what happened to find in page? Hope you fix that soon.  I'm experiencing problems with text fields.  Sometimes previous words or whole sentences will be deleted as I type.  Only happens in Firefox
Well this sucks. I can't enable proxies on this app anymore.
It is okay but slow
It lags a little...
I use it a lot, but it crashes all the time. Haven't tried the Android version, yet.
Love Mozilla & Firefox...but these fonts are horrid. Most pages look like a mobile version with desktop fonts or desktop version with mobile fonts. Basically like 1994 on Internet Explorer 3.0
Please work on this project devs and fix all the crashes...  Very good user interface.
Nice app but you cannot enter special symbol "&" in a password field. It will populate as the number "7" instead. Pretty bad bug. Same result on various sites that use https. Evo3d with Swype 3.
Fast yes but not load the pages well, especially the ones with YouTube videos in them.
Good browser But somehow when I finish download the update and begin the installation, it always failed. It say that I received wrong file
No phone number clickability and freezes a lot
Many bugs though. Force closed on me twice in 10 min. Also text fields are weird. Also cannot scroll up all the way on some web pages when a keyboard is in use. (Bt)
Firefox was working all fine before new update, now won't work now, help!
It's hard to navigate on this smartphone.
Simply not as simple and comfortable to use. However it's fast for ex. reach and exit full screen mode easily slows you down. Not to mention it needs an add-on for full screen mode... Stucking with Opera.
It's almost the best.... But I don't like mobile version of some sites... and I can't copy and paste? Please fix and I'll give you 5 starts ^.^
Faster than chrome IMHO,  works well. Nice bookmarks but don't particularly like the start page
Working mostly fine and very fast. But sometimes I'm experiencing problems with the text fields, crashes and there seems to be a problem with the font size. Often, the font is really large, which does not happen in the standard browser.   If these issues are fixed, it'll be a truly great browser!
Will not sync with my laptop.
Crash every time I open it. Also need more option in setting.
Can't find flash plugin...I like everything else, but without the flash add on I'm going to have to uninstall..photon
Ill Stick with x scope pro
Speed is great & appreciate sync! Big privacy fail though as form fields remember data even after "clear history" is executed. No granularity for clearing forms but not passwords.
Much better then last version.  Text is still to small and needs the zoom function like the stock browser.  Getting much better though.  On g2.
i'm having issues with text fields especially when it comes to passwords. i tend to type fast and if you don't type ur password 1 digit at a time and wait for it to turn into an asterisk it puts the next character you type in front of the previous one. also it doesn't work that well with swype. i use dolphin and have none of these problems. also in the settings tab there aren't that many feature to customize, seems like a drawback for me.
Definitely faster than previous versions. Still buggy. Url bar caused swiftkey to stick and is sluggish to type. Freezes. Need more configuration options.
It works well on LG2X But it is not compatible with ASUS TFP somehow @@
It's nice with this update, but still some stuff are annoying, such as going to history our bookmarks it's a bit not smooth such as dolphin hd and the exit is a pain cuz it's still running if u press back... It doesn't quit.
Force shutdown 17 times
The browser works well and is pretty quick. It is the interface that gets me. I am used to being able to go easily back to a home page or in the case of phone browsers a speed dial page. That does not seem to be the case with Firefox. Or at least I am not sure how to set that up ;). Also it is not that great in regards to being able to clear history or cache like Dolphin is.
Where in the world is the option to select text on a website. how could you have a browser and not have that option
Love the speed after the update, but hate the new tab system and lack of being able to set a custom homepage.
This new version still eats up lots of memory, but worse than that it doesn't automatically line wrap when you resize text.
Why has this app suddenly become incompatible with my Transformer Prime?! If I download the app from the Mozilla FTP and install it manually, it works just fine. Mozilla, please fix this, and recieve more stars.
a good base especially when you use the desktop version and profit from the sync option. i use V10.0.5 and i wont update to 14.x until FF explains why it ask for permission 'Your accounts' in the new version.
Very good, Fast and easy to use, but still a memory hog and missing features like Copy/Paste and settings to clear cache, "last visited", etc.  Too much use on Galaxy S Plus = Automatic Reboot :(
Hotmail doesn't display right now...seems to have lost functionality since update
New update seems quicker but fullscreen function has dispeared...
Looks great but spends a lot of time crashing. Still going to use it though
Pages load much faster, and rendering is much better! Does not play nice with keyboard, though. Also, Google search page does not render properly.
Performance is good, but no one click/swipe method to get to bookmarks. Then once at bookmarks it opens a different folder every time. Also appears to lack search suggestions. I would love to see someone implement a bottom search bar/bookmark access.
I'm disappointed that I cant use this on my Asus Transformer Prime.  Any chance of an update to allow for tablet use?  Until then I'll stick with Dolphin HD
How come there is no support for tablet like Samsung Galaxy Tab2 10.1 ..
Installed FF 14, updated fine and is a great update, but now my live bookmarks are empty and do not load both on my mobile and desktop.
work fast and great, but when i done set up sync its keep crashing
Flash doesn't work well, and no option to clear cache on exit. It's improving, but I'm sticking with dolphin browser mini.. for now.
I could not change the url search to google and it goes to the horrible time Warner cable search engine . Double tap to zoom wasn't great. The speed was on par with dolphin hd but to be fair I did not do anything heavy. I did like the flash plugin better than dolphin. For now its not my defalt browser
Crashes a lot.
Limited plugin support.
Big step in the right direction, still needs a lot of work though. Lots of minor irritating things, make me go back to chrome.
Much improved over previous versions and pages look good. However some sites cause it to crash constantly and on a networking site not all features work, so I'll be sticking with Dolphin HD. For v14 these things should be ironed out by now.
The text isn't automatically adjusted to fit the screen, when you zoom in or out
Better than before but scrolling bad on some sites, where the stock browser has no problems. Galaxy nexus 4.0.4
Still getting half the score of stock browser and chrome on benchmarks.
Doesn't play well with the one x.. or else really nice and faster but Chrome renders better..and already crashed twice in two minutes
I might use this if it was better than Chrome, but sadly its not. It is good though
Faster than default browser app but I cant use 9GAG perfectly! !
i need more function  view as desktop browser size not show only mobile browser
This was definitely a big improvement and does seem faster than other mobile browsers.  I would like to see more features. Dolphin still has the gesture navigation and sliding access to menus is still much nicer than pressing a button. You'll u
I may be the exception, but my phone gets extremely hot after viewing a few sites.
I think Mozilla should probably study other mobiles browsers to see what items should be included as standard options. Interface is non intuitive. Many other browsers are miles ahead of this. At least FF isn't dead last anymore. Still need a ton of work to make it a good mobile web browser. I love FF for desktop though.
Its getting better but not even close to xscope. I can't believe more people don't use that browser. Hands down best one out there. I've tried them all.
Would love an option to request desktop version.. this is one feature I love about opera and built on ics browser.
...despite having the latest version of flash player installed, any website with flash content is still displaying you need flash player installed. Performance is stellar but without being able to view flash enabled sites and lack of basic functionality like copy text I'll be sticking with dolphinHD for the time being. Fix these issues to earn a couple of extra stars and a convert.
Force close trying to reach facebook. Definitely an improvement over the previous versions, but still... ~17mb install?
Probably still not quite as good as Dolphin, but is definitely getting there. Rating changed from 1 star to 3.
As a long time fan of Mozilla projects all I can say is... MEH..... The new unchangeable start page with a mind all its own in making me nuts. I would rather have it not tell the top 4 sites I visit. I would prefer the abilty to have it remind me of 4 sites I shouldnt forget to go to...like Boat does.  It is a faster browser tho. I hope they fix it.
Not bad for xmini
Good to see it support flash and open up way faster now. But it is still buggy. It crashes twice in one hour for me. Looking forward to see them fixing it tho.
But Dolphin Browser is much better. I'll stick with Dolphin.
Thank you, Mozilla, for this fast and slick browser. I am liking the experience more than dolphin right now, but it crashes quite a bit. So please make it more stable.
A better improvement to previous versions but still not as robust as say Google Chrome or Dolphin HD its #3 in my book of mobile browsers Droid Razr Maxx.
It's still not there. If anything this version seems slower and more crash prone: it fell over browsing a simple site and is quite unresponsive when first started. The vibrate on each click is annoying too, and there's no obvious setting yo disable it.  I wish I could recommend, but not yet.
But still slower than Dolphin HD and 5x the install size..
Still need to get Facebook and Google mobile sites fixed.
This is the fastest browser out there but I like cut and paste to add to my social media. You need to add this to win me over.
This may be a great browser with nice features (Save to PDF but no cut-and-paste? Why?), but I have to uninstall it because it can't display web pages like they were designed. Some text is magnified, while other text remains microscopic, and the whole page layout is ruined. Why do this? It makes me have to zoom in and out multiple times per page.  What a hassle.
Lacks private browsing .  No way to view desktop version of a site .
Seems like they ported everything to Android - all the good features, as well as all the bad: secure, tabbed browsing and friendly interface in a bloated, processor-intensive package. Five stars would be if they reduced the memory and processor footprint - even ten percent would help! Also, why do we not have the ability to use a proxy server?
Used it on HTC One X along with Dolphin Browser HD and dolphin browser was definitely  loading pages quicker and was able to display more than firefox. Other than that it's a nice browser if dolphin wast around.
I just installed the new update.... very disappointed. I generally like Firefox and had the previous version set as my default on my Galaxy. Please....  QUIT showing my recent "Top Sites" to everyone BY DEFAULT..... or at the very least give me the option to turn it off. But NOOOOOOOOOOO not this time. Why does every browser nowadays want to do this by default now. It seems like they are all just copying each other thinking that this must be what people want since the others are doing it. Just let me set my home page like before..... NO New Tab page.... NO Start Page...... NO Incognito Mode, NO Add-ons. I DO NOT want my searches saved and or displayed. This is a huge PRIVACY concern and everyone seems oblivious to it. "Do Not Track" by default is a step in the right direction.
The font is awful to look at. Not clear at all. Still not found anything to beat stock browser
Auto compete gets in the way on most input boxes  Samsung Nexus, ICS
Its ok i like it, there is some thikhs i rather view on fire fox than the browser, but its not akways my first choice
Is there a reason that a whole slew of phones are not compatible with Firefox anymore?
Its really fast but doesn't load mobile sites for sites like amazon or google
Still glitchy at times and not always responsive. Adblock plus is no longer supported and that's a big let down for me. I still expect more from Mozilla.
Pretty fast but it sacrifices UI big time
This version is supposed to feature working flash content. Well, it's not the case for me. It looks like it is supposed to work, but when plugin is tapped it freezes and nothing happens. Also there is this weird user agent bug, that pages load in wap mode. And also addons seem to disable themselves with no reason while still showing as enabled. I hope these will be fixed in next updates as it looks like ff for android is shaping up to be good browser that may replace default one for me some day. HTC Desire S
There is no Copy&Paste function after update!!
Its a nice interface but its missing some things. iGoogle doesn't come up the same as it does on the stock Android browser. It looks horrible and is unusable. Theres no extension to access all my Google Bookmarks.
The latest update has ruined the interface. Accesing tabs is a pain
This browser looks great but it is slow!!!!! Its take forever to render mobile sites. I do love the UI but speed is what i need
I'm a little perplexed as to why Facebook is rendered as text-only...! Did I miss something here? This is just like Opera, and kind of reminds me of the old WAP browsers on the old, OLD smartphones of 5 years ago. I'll just have to stick with my Motorola's built-in browser (DROID RAZR XT910 running Gingerbread)
very smooth and fast to load pages, but it's missing a lot of key features.  the features that it does have are also hard to find and enable.  it definitely still needs work.
It's responsive and it is better than before on my Droid Bionic.  However, not all pages are rendered accurately. For some websites, its better if there is no dedicated mobile website.  For now, it's good enough to keep on the phone.
While I like the new features, I've come across a bug or 2. * When using keyboard in landscape mode when entering info into a website (i.e. Login info, Google search, Facebook comments ect), the curser does't move with the text, and when you reach the end of the line the text doesn't move to the next line (so you can't see what you're typing) * When using the keyboard in the other mode, moving the curser buggy. * While there is an improvement in startup time, noticed more lagging when scrolling.
Not really what I expected. Pretty simple and solid.not much
Nice looking browser and speedy. Not able to get add-ons, it says server not found. Please fix.
There is something weid about resolution image adjustment on websites... mobile websites dont display propely.. regular websites habe font issues some fonts are huge others tiny
The way the selects work, sucks big time!
It's okay but scrolling is awfully choppy. I'm a bit disappointed.
Lets face it, this browser is fast and works very well on my HTC EVO 4G LTE. The problem is that whenever I attempt to install it on my ASUS Transformer 101, I get a message in the market that my device is not supported.
Flash not working on optimus2x
ICS on SGS2. There is no Flash support.
Browses around just fine, possibly even faster than the Dolphin I usually use.  Sadly, when trying to fill in blanks, like forum login boxes and the like, everything grinds to a halt.  I haven't even successfully pulled off a login as every key press takes ages to register and then sometimes registers multiple times.  Maybe a compatibility issue with SwiftKey or something?  It's a pretty popular keyboard, so that would be a pretty big issue imo.  Will continue to use Dolphin.
quite a few rendering errors please fix
Finally just after my phone was upgraded to ICS where flash doesn't work right anymore.
I really want to use this as my default browser, but I really NEED it to support Lastpass and Xmarks. DolphinHD has both so I will continue to use it even though I much prefer the speed and interface of Firefox.
This browser froze up multiple times just at boot up. And Page loading was horrible. Flash has to be activated which is just plain silly. I think it needs work sorry mozilla I still love ya but you need to work on this more.
It still has some drawbacks compared to Chrome. Speed is better, granted. But the text rendering is not that good and centering of content when you zoom is still bad. I don't like much the interface either. It looks cramped.
Still wont show or play html5 content the way it shoul.. other than that is pretty good.. still wont make it my default browser
I just using if for 20 minutes. There's a lot of room for improvement. The most basic thing is the "copy and paste" function. Where is it? What with the bouncy effect? Why can't you just made the tab like the browser in your computer? Why don't auto-hide the address bar? One thing for sure, its surely faster than Opera and Dolphin
the amount of settings/option do not convince me to use this on a regular basis.
It needs support for text selection on the browser as well as view image option instead of just save image.
This browser is really fast but it is constantly crashing...... Really wished it would work.
The app has made a ton of Improvement compared to its previous versions but Dam it,  it's still laced with little graphic left glitches and becomes occasionally unresponsive on my ics DROID razr.  However this is one else of the better ones.  The best was on gb using opera as it was blazing quick on scrolling but was a little unintuitive. Hopefully the team gets their butts In gear and make some software Google will be jealous of
The bouncy-ness feels weird on Android and YouTube videos are stuck at a meager 240p.
The bouncy-ness feels weird on Android and YouTube videos are stuck at a meager 240p.
I want to use Firefox,but everytime I use it to search in google,the result google webpage is in a very old style looking,I just can't stand that
Most places I'm at are 2g. Sucks. Phone my be slow also even though it's htc sensation. A bare bones browser ought to adjust for these.
Samsung Galaxy S2 - Android 4.0 - I loved the new look and feel back when I tried Aurora , but they still haven't fixed an issue that stops me from using it as my main browser - I can't select any text on a web page. If I Long Press nothing happens. Not sure whether this is a bug or just not implemented yet. If it get's fixed, I'll almost certainly be switching to it.
Giving this a try again after many disappointments. Looks promising. 3 stars for features.
Was able to install this on my phone, which I barely use to browse the web.  But it won't install on my Acer A200 tablet, not sure why, since it's your standard dual core tablet with 4.0.
where is the latest firefox version apps?
I would love to give 5 star but it doesn't support my tablet Samsung Galaxy Tab Plus 7.0 (GT-P6200), how come Mozilla does not want their famous browser supporting such a popular tablet model?
Unfortunately,i cannot click on a link each time i log onto google.pls fix it.
I love Firefox and this is FF on the go. But it still lags behind its desktop counterpart. Some sites look bad, others are slow to react. Still I support it and will be akin to try coming versions
Its a nice browser. It is not supporting Kannada fonts. Please fix it.
Make this for tablets and Im rating 5 stars
I don't like that it makes you open up new tabs every time.
Buggy, slow, and the addon interface is terrible. I expected a lot better from Mozilla.
Missing a "find keyword on page" feature.  I like the tabs feature. Not ready to replace my "standard" browser until I can search for words on a page.
It works well
Flash playback broken on Android 2.2
First impression is good.. feels faster than chrome. I'll be using this today to see if it beats opera mobile.
Works great for Jelly Bean. The first mobile browser to integrate plugins like the desktop version (Lastpass functionality in particular). UI could use a serious overhaul but the browser works.
I dont know how it works can any1 tell me how can i download vedios from utube on kqaisar47@yahoo.com
Much better than few months back. Couple of issues though - no private browsing so still need stock browser. also, why is beta available for Xoom when main app isn't. Please make main app available for Xoom.
This mobile browser has an awesome interface and makes mobile web browsing very appealing to the eyes. Only issue is that when putting in passwords the cursor will jump back a few spaces. Makes it difficult to enter passwords, especially when hidden.
phan mem ko the thieu
The interface is probably the smoothest I've seen, so props for that. However, the problem for me is that the interface is also TOO sensitive; I can't scroll a few times without opening up about 10 other different windows! I know it seems like a little thing but its significant enough to make me uninstall. Nice try though, mozilla.
So much better than the stock browser. Like the sync of bookmarks with desktop :)
I use Firefox as my default, just missing add-ons i use on the desktop version.
It takes 3 steps to Quit. Click menu then click More and then Quit. Any shortcuts available?
Its good but not much faster
Wow
Works great, just a lot of memory used up..
Gd
loved it on my desktop at home and even better on my droid charge.
This version is the first one I feel comfortable using everyday.  Much faster than it used to be.
Best browser for android
Rawas
that's a good browser meet all my requirements of internet in one browser
Its improving but no perfect. More setting i want. Ex:start with blank page
Hay đấy,tuy xử lý vẫn chậm ^^
Very good
No option to allow disable of Top Sites during initial launch.
Overall 4.5 because closing a tab requires an exact touch of the tiny X. Fix that and its the king. Oh wait already it the king, but then itll be the best king of browsers.
When I click exit the firefox crash reporter opens up all the time...... Bit annoying but other than that its better than other browsers out on android plz fix it...
With working flash it finally is on par with standard phone browser. Sync gives it the edge. Sometimes is a bit buggy or slow but it is finally starting to shine as it should.
Too slow. CM7 T959
It's a great design but the browser seems to be slower than the default browser on my galaxy s and it doesn't provide the feature to press on the screen to get the word search options
Nice
This new update is leaps and bounds ahead of where they were a few months ago.
It's gr8 app
Come on, implement new features..new ui...need big improvements...i dont like vibrate to every link i click...
For its add-ons ... i like it
Firefox is getting better. Finally works on my phone again. Faster and works better then ever before. But one major problem wit it... the words are fuzy unless you zoom in... but other then that works great.. needs a little imprvement.
Firefox is getting better. Finally works on my phone again. Faster and works better then ever before. But one major problem wit it... the words are fuzy unless you zoom in... but other then that works great.. needs a little imprvement.
Tjfhhfgfc
Although it is quite good, it needs improvement badly.  It needs to download the pages so that when one comes back after having closed Firefox it loads the last set of tabs immediately. Also it needs to auto-wrap to a single column when one expands the fonts using two-finger stretch.
Faster than chrome just make the UI smooth.
On my Motorola XPRT 2.3.5, a punctuation menu pops up on every webpage. No settings option to disable.
On my Motorola XPRT 2.3.5, a punctuation menu pops up on every webpage. No settings option to disable.
A great browser all around the world.. still have bugs.
Nice one
Pages load fast and correctly. UI is intuitive. No 'find on page' search and no highlight. Phone numbers don't automatically go to dealer either (not as big a deal). like a mobile browsers, still struggles with flash based sites or heavily scripted sites.
I rather this than come for devices with 758 - 512 mb RAM.. It's fast, has a unique UI and plugins (much like the desktop version) flash is also nice...but pinching and zooming It's kinda strange sometimes as well as scrolling it also needs find in page and incognito mode of some kind to compete with Chrome and Dolphin
I like default android croll effects.
It's a fine browser and I plan on using it as my main, however, I wish you would add a word wrap feature like every other browser seems to have.
a firefox that is fast and that works; even on sites like yoox, klm.nl ;-) and thus the essential addon:adblockplus  to save data and bandwidth and increase the speed.... plus save as pdf   well done :-)  still missing: desktop view / user agent. worth one star....  and no flash on JB.....
But a bit slow..
better speed and look
It's a simple feature I love the most. Being able to quit from the menu key
It's a bit faster but more difficult to navigate thru browser
Fine
...but crashes sometimes. Fix it and 5*
Nyc
Its ok for downloading songs
Well it is the only browser that works with devry websites and courses without issue.
Gotten better but why doesn't the bar hide?
Lags like an old granny... It seems this is for samsung galaxy s3 and htc one x...aparently you need quad core for this lol
Great application.
I love firefox If  some of the engin serch stóp the bortherin . Any way thank you all stuf  Good  and happy life for  the world
Runs great on my Galaxy S.
For usability sake, i think it will be very helpful if after touching/clicking the address bar the keyboard will be displayed. There will be no use in highlighting the url after clicking it if the keyboard will not be displayed. But generally, it is now more stable.
Its great as it big .I think It S one of the top browser for android
Firefox is really coming along on for mobile.  Loving the sync and desktop tabs... nice one Mozilla!
I really want to love this, but performance is *horrible* on my Droid 2 global. It locks up my entire system. It has nice features, but needs work.
Has improved greatly since its initial release
Last time I reviewed this browser, it was a different version on a different phone. It's much better now. Get it, put it on your SD card, and wipe all the data from your stock browser. Only problem is that there is no way (that I found) to import bookmarks from said stock browser.
There are things I like but lots of things that aggravate me. Drop down menus hide behind banner ads. Certain sites won't scroll. Because I have to be psychic to know what add ons to have some content, like the log in button on my health website, doesn't show up. Seems like a lot of common sense stuff is missing. I'm disappointed.
Fastest browser I've used yet, but flash doesn't work properly on my phone yet.
I love firefox. Have it on my laptop , now on my phone :D
I like it. I like it a lot.
Previous version was basically unusable. I'm a big FF PC user and have wanted a usable version for Android. This one works well and has a great user experience. More control over settings would be helpful, but FF addons and sync are great. Keep developing this and it will be hands down the best browser.
Liked it ......but didn't love it..
I like it a lot but it doesn't hide the url bar st the top like the droid browser. On a small screen this is a feature I want.
I use the desktop version and I like the mobile version just as much. Sync is also wonderful.
After being disappointed in previous versions of Firefox Mobile, I am very pleased with this new version (14.0).  Start up is fast, run time is fast, no sluggishness, everything you expect in a Firefox browser.  Sync works perfectly, and since Firefox is my choice on my desktop, having all my bookmarks, history, etc synced between phone & desktop is great.  Addons!  AdBlock Plus is a favorite on the desktop, as well as on mobile.  The only disappointment I have is there is still not a private browsing mode.  This is not so much for me, but for when I hand my phone to someone else to use the browser.  I really don't want their history, etc, polluting my data, which carried over to my desktop.
not hanging
Good browser on ics
I used to rate 2 stars but upped it. Firefox is improving greatly on mobile. Will def be the top browser by 2013. Now i can uninstall the crippled dolphin browser that doesnt use flash.
If there is one thing I hate, its a browser that just runs without crashing and does what I ask. Firefox managed to capture everything I love about Microsoft IE in a mobile browser UNLIKE their normal pc browser. That think NEVER crashes. Takes the thrill out of doing important work online.
Good
Its coool......
Am I the only one that can't copy and paste ?
Needs butter smooth scrolling and zooming. On low ppi screen the address bar takes much space. Needs option to hide it.
can convert web to pdf...
Allows me to download zip files...however freezes..good when it works
I'm using a HTC desire HD .. and when I'm in m.facebook in messages the delete button is just there blocking half of the message if this could be fixed or if it is a unique problem on my phone Idk.. other then that its better then my default browser.
I've been using Firefox on my pc ever since I can remember and I love that browser. Overall the mobile version is coming along well and I really like the sync features built in. What I'm mostly disappointed over though is the inability to set useragent preferences, which is keeping me from using this browser. I just can't stand having to deal with "mobile" versions of websites, especially when my phone is more than capable of handling them. That's really the only thing keeping it from giving 5 stars.
Firefox crashes pretty frequently when opening the new tab page on Android 4.1 Jellybean. Otherwise fantastic browser.
i think firefox browser is very easy to use... thank you...
Very nice user experience now compared to earlier versions.
It works 4 me...
以前に比べて別物かという位キビキビ動きます、。かなり快適ですね
That's what I was waiting for! But I notice there is no incognito or private browsing.
Better than the default
although a few issues could be fixed I luv it because my computer broke and while we wait to another one I can make my website on here
This is the best app ever!!!
Anyone know how to copy text and find text on page?
This app is getting a lot better, i really like the display. Its faster, but still a little choppy sometimes
This app is getting a lot better, i really like the display. Its faster, but still a little choppy sometimes
I needed a way to print web pages and the "save to pdf" works great to send to my wireless  printer using PrintBot.
Where is the private browsing option?? This is one of the nicest features of ff on PC's, but nothing on mobile version!	Where are the bookmarks?
It is warp factors faster but I miss the text selection and the continual crashing on my HTC Rezound is troublesome. The flash smooth and even interactive.
Need to be able to copy text and search within pages.
Good but not enough to be my primary mobile browser.   slower than opera
So far so good. Good work Mozilla.
I was excited when FireFox first came to Android, but was extremely disappointed in the lack of flash. Almost a year later, I check back and see not only a bunch of updates that make it a great phone browser, but flash support, too. Good job,mozilla.
Hard to imagine anyone wasting time with anything else with FF out there.  .
Tis gangsta apps is whutz im saddlin wit. Bo bo skabba doo.
I like this app..
Using it on Boost with HTC EVO DESIGN 4G!!!!!
I literally have gained hours of battery life just from changing browsers on my phone. This browser isn't perfect on mobile but it is better than stock.
It is working on my RAZR. I would give 5 if it could play flash on full screen and if it will work correctly with SwiftKey
Ok
The google search is really gross. This needs to be fixed. Please fix this. Even when I use the phony add on, it is still messed up. Please fix. The logo in the top left and the bar across the top needs to be fixed. add more options and features and options. It also needs SGT 10.1 support.
Top sites unable to remove. Pls include in next update.
They should upgrade it to a slick version..more futuristic
Everything is wonderful on it except typing passwords. Cursor automatically goes to the beginning of the box after every letter is typed. Takes me forever to type my passwords into sites.
It would be nice to have a tile bookmark widget for ICS!
I do love alot of the features of firefox. The one thing that bugs me is no progress bar.  If for nothing else it makes me feel like; I'm actually getting the pages to load and I'm not waiting forever because the app has froze.
Why does my phone pretty much reset when I exit this app?
Much better than older versions.
A little slow to start but really good once it's running. not enough to make my stock browser obsolete though
Now it's Work nice on my Galaxy Wonder. Great update bro!
I've installed GG on my Samsung Captivate and like the latest version.  Now can we get a tablet version for my Acer Iconia A500?
Would like to see 'find in page' feature.. Without that it doesn't deserve 5 stars i9001 galaxy s plus
nepali font can be read from chrome, dolphin and stock browser, but why can't i read it properly in Firefox mobile browser. In desktop I like the firefox most. but because of this problem I can't use it. please fix it ASAP. I am currently Using Galaxy nexus 4.0.4
It looks like a fox,it acts like a fox,it thinks like a fox,so it must be a fox!!!!!!!
Good apps
Could use a Private Browsing option, don't you think?
If the screen turns off while loading a .gif image the image will not loop after it has fully loaded.
Downloaded this because of flash and the plugins chrome does not support. Great app but keeps crashing after a few mintues on fifa 12 ultimate team website
I'm still trying it out, but my initial thoughts; I prefer Dolphin Browser more with the variety of settings and cleaner designer. I think Dolphin browser is still cleaner and better, but just my opinion. I'll still hang onto ff and test it out when I have more time. It's still great, but just doesn't quite meet my standard needs.
1. Need remove options for top sites & history. 2. Font size differs/resizing not working 3. Back button needs to be revisited 4. Close button should be there in main window. 5. Opening last visited website at every time is not necessary
Fast and furious
The browser is phenomenal. UI and UX is great. Unfortunately it crashes relatively frequently for me. Usually when I'm opening a link from twitter and the browser is already running with a couple open tabs. Hopefully it continues to improve going forward.
It works great, and accepts Desktop identificacion (user agent). A thing I miss a lot is the ability to fit text in screen width. Opera does it, so if you load desktop versions of web pages, the text is not stupidly out of your scope so you don't have to scroll.
It's faster and doesn't turn my phone into a radioactive ice cream bar like the default browser does. Very nice ^~^ Some formatting is slightly off, but love it nonetheless
Go ahead, its worth
I've always supported Mozilla projects and FFx  mobile is up to usual  standard, page rendering needs speeding up though.
Nice but too much memorey
The best browser I've used so far.
Not bad. But the only reason I really got this was because my Built-In Browser was failing.
Gud
Great app but please add two features. 1 a pop up text box when you select a search box. 2 a confirmation note when you select a link that redirects to a pdf confirming you want to download it now
My partner when browsing
I used firefox on android before and didn't like it, but when I upgraded to ICS I thought id give it a try. Gotta say I LOVE the addon support...adblock plus is a lifesaver. Only issues are the start up loading time is quite slow and exiting the browser properly takes a bit of time too. xperia play ICS 4.0.4
I don't like all of the jacking around to access and close new tabs. Makes a search a real p.i.a. at least give the option to open in the foreground.
1. The browser still doesn't play vids worth a crap. 2. Make the Mozilla start page optional as it prevents me from having my own homepage and doesn't let me authorize access to an open wifi spot that requests it.
So far very pleased with the improvements made. Incredibly smooth, decent UI.
Good enough!
I'm a fan of the desktop version hated mobile version one year ago. Now it become my main driver. Make more extensions compatible, please.
Just like others said: too slow on unsupported like my Droid but will try when out of beta!
Brilliant and clear way to view web pages
make sure you keep it updated.
Light weight browser...which is good... But poor sync. Options compared to chrome.. Tabs on mobile cannot be accessed on pc even there is sync. Active... Also you should manual sync. From pc to acess the updated synced tabs from pc. Also cannot edit most visited sites... Just you can delete the whole browsing data.  Please fix these issues Firefox team.
Finally, this app is heading in a positive direction. Keep at it!
Best browser
Tek eksigi flash destegi yok bunun disinda gercekten herseyiyle mukemmel....
Istediginiz herseye bir barnah hareketiyle ulasabiliyosunuz....
Firefox on Android is ultra smooth, uncharacteristically so compared to most Android apps. My main criticism would be to include text selection/copying and in-page searching.
Fire is fire
Better than best :-)
Bin a long time user and have had very few problems
I love Firefox on my computer and was excited to find out I could finally get it on my android. Overall it works well, however, changing the font size doesn't seem to do anything and I keep getting random crashes. Please fix.
Why the tab style still like that?? We need tab style like real firefox...so easier to change to another tab. Pls!!!!
Thanks for the security features ( :
eXit and refresh buttons back up front on the active page tab, please, not by menu or on opened tabs page.
One of the good brower available in android market.
I switched to this from Dolphin and was not disappointed. The UI was very fluid and the tab system is much more organized.
2 things: -private browsing -improve UI. Look at how Chrome manages tabs. Make it more like that.
Very good, simple and smooth
Works!
I love Firefox and use it for everything possible, I installed Firefox on my droid phone a long time ago. There are several sites which require log on credentials that do not work with IE and of course Firefox came through and they work great. I have not installed the new version and based on some reviews below maybe I will not - do not want to give up text search. The older version is AWESOME!!!
A chip from old block.  Keep up the good job Mozilla FF team.
working smooth..
Very nice browser to download
jst luv it!! smooth and  convient brower
Yessss......
This app this high recommended from me,...  but it loses a star because it does not work on my Nexus 7.    I really wish they wold support the nexus 7   Sync works great.  I love being able to sync my bookmarks, passwords,and other settings across different places I use Firefox.  .It works great on my ATT Motorolla Atrix.  I love how fast it starts up now.
This version is much better compared to the last one.   Great new UI, less bugs, new options, noticeable faster and new Sync is very good but still youtube does looks strange and some text is on many sites is bigger than it is on desktop... So please fix these things and add bookmarks widget and text reflow and there will be 5 stars! ^^
To surf in desktop mode or any other download an add on "phony". A liitle bit slow but not bad, I refer the Dolphin browser, much faster.
Its getting better -- smoother. Keep up the good work guys & gals... 4 stars
Animated gifs! Text wrapping is also good. No more scrolling side to side to read.   Really needs a way to select text to copy though.
Very good, fast internet and when you want to save reaming then all you have to do is do a trollololyolo
I have no control over download. Can't even see what's been downloaded or the size.
Good browsing experience, nice too see Firefox for android.
Some sites (non-flash) don't load properly.
Was looking to replace the factory browser on my Samsung Galaxy Player and came across the newly improved Mozilla. I figured I'd give it a try, nothing to lose but a few wasted minutes. I fell in love! The browser runs smoothly even when I have more then one tab or window open - this is on a device with less than 512mb of ram. Definitely recommend it to those looking for a change.
This is crap. It reformats text size even in desktop mode (which I had to get an add on to use). Zooming is weird, UI is slow. I love Firefox on desktop but this is unusable when there are other options like Dolphin.
No flash its a complete deal breaker and a shame for a great pc browser developers
I'm a happy web crawler.
This app works just RIGHT for me! :)
CoO....keep up the gud work guys thumps up :)
Much better
Glad they brought their A game to mobile
Good
MUCH better than the previous version. However, the selection of addons is still quite poor.
Good, but not quite chrome just yet.
I have the galaxy note and i notice the battery kept discharging really fast. As in 3 hours it was down to 50% with little use. Took a look on the battery page and saw firefox was using 50%.  so i uninstalled.  Well try again later when it updates.  still a big fan of firefox on the desktop.
I updated today 18.07.2012 on samsung galaxy s2 and firefox crashes 1/3 tries... No problems with previous version
Unlike one version ago, this Firefox is an entirely different beast. It is better than any mobile browser.
I'm pretty sure I haven't experienced any of the problems everyone else has mentioned. Flash works great. It is fast and I love the interface. I agree that the bookmark menu is a little tricky but that is because you can have them originate from so many sources now. My only fault is that downloads seem to fail if I close the browser. Only a small fault because I really don't download much on my phone.
Text resizing is inconsistent. There are big and small size texts even in a page. I feel it also uses battery more than other browsers.
This has finally come of age! Worthy if the Mozilla moniker, finally! Don't stop now cos if you look over yr shoulder, chrome is nipping at yr heals! More addon's will win yr day I feel. Chrome is faster though. GJ!
It would be the best if i just could see videos on every web page i visit
A much more capable competitor to Chrome
YAY flash support.
Flash works. HTC EVO
Great browser on PC and phone. It's easy to use compared to default browsers and its simple. For example opening a new tab is just only a tap away and navigating between them is quick and simple. The only flaw is that it sometimes freezes, but it runs back to normal if you play with it most of the time.
Id rather use dolphin browser..not.bad though
Some things wont work at all
10.0: Epic fail on Samsung Captivate running 2.1. Won't load any pages and has F/C issues. Before the update, Firefox was kinda slow, but it worked.
Updated review, this browser has gotten a lot better in previous updates, keep it up Mozilla.
It needs improvemts compared to the desktop version. I prefer it over the tvOmni on my Samsung Droid Charge
I am a massive firefox for desktop fan but this does not quite do it. It has some amazing features: - Sync - Tabs from your other computers - Awesome bar - Addons But there is just too much wrong with it to use it as a main browser: - No flash (seriously - this needs to be sorted) - Tried several times to get Ad Block Plus addon to work but it wouldn't - No cursor zoom box when composing text - No option to compress images as with Opera Mini - Less responsive (menu options etc) than Opera
Not sure why all the negative feed back as Flash works awesome and I can change default browsers on my nexus galaxy ICS 4.04. This is better than opera and Google chrome in my opinion-much faster. There are some hiccups but remember there is one single app that will fix all your problems but this is the closest thus far for my ICS.
Good! What else can I say...
So far so good. I have to test it some more to provide some feedback.
Works very well. Fast, and retains my pages, google, etc.
Must gave app
Good innovations.
Slower at loading that other browsers. Like the new interface!
Add ons...;-)
So much better now. Dolphin is still my default browser though.
This is by far the best mobile browser i have ever uses.
Please develop the tablet version.
It never worked incredibly well, but now it stopped working all together. Samsung Galaxy S
The browser is realy fast and ff sync is still the best, but some pages look strange (google). And i liked the old tabs system more. But please fix the rendering.
please give the option to change startscreen.
Very fast :-)
Works well but comp version is better: -)
Good
Loveeeeee it, faster & safer!
Better than the alternatives, even Opera, which surprised me as a big fan of their browses. However it doesn't take much to beat out the lackluster options out there for mobile devices.
I've tried the previous versions many times.  Nnot very good in my opinion.  This version is much better.  Flash is supported.  I love the sync for my favorites.  But it does seem to be lacking some very basic options.  The biggest of which is an option to change the home page.  But aside from that, another excellent development from our friends at Mozilla.
Flash videos don't display properly until full screen. Still a bit of a resource hog.
it's good but I want chrome
Just what I'd expert from an android version of Firefox, runs better than the browser my phone came with! Loses star because despite the awesome sync feature, after opening it takes four taps before I reach my bookmarks.
Love this browser
Very convenient and fast browser. Only 4 stars because no 'private browsing' yet.
This re-written version is.. ... you'd better try it yourself. And don't forget to "forget" how suck it was.
My rating is highly influenced by the awesome sync functionality as the desktop version has.  Other features are actually poor.
Where's the copy / paste?
Good
Huge upgrade over the previous version. Some rougth edges, but nothing some finetuning cannot fix.
Firefox have taken a massive leap forward with this version. It's faster and better looking. My only issue is Youtube, the audio is out of sync with the video and Firefox is the only browser I've had this issue with. But,  I like Firefox, I don't know of any other android browser that allows Adblock. Firefox FTW!
Pretty good
Works great. Faster than stock.
Generally happy with the browser, especially the tab management.   However, some websites were not rendered correctly. For example, google will use the desktop site if the user agent string was the default. Changing the user agent string  to android default will result in a semi broken page (e.g. the tabs to change to image search and whatever inaccessible)  The text reflow also occasionally doesn't work on some slides. And some sites will display with a giant text size.
Its  lil buggy but better than dolphin
still has some troubles opening some URLs. pretty fast and quite user-friendly. hope it gets even better with following updates.
According to size that's nothing special....It's size is like pc shit mozilla
There are a few tweaks that should be made and they may be tweaked already and I just havent figured it out yet. Like the size of text in the browser. But it is clean and organized very well as Mozilla should be.
The new update will not let me open it on my phone. It keeps updating my bookmarks, which I have none on my phone. And it won't let me search.
All good, but Search in page and copy&paste are features which will make this the best browser out there!
The fastest and smoothest browser by far! Too much crashing but in the future updates this will be fixed. And hoping google will be the same as in chrome or stock couse thats pretty bad lookin
Massive!!!!! Improvement over previous versions  HTC Desire Z - MIUI 2.3.30
Good browser n fast. Only issue so far I am facing is that I am unable to play YouTube's videos in the browser.
Fast & stable on my device...
it is fine app and all , but it needs some work in the section of the other features like copy abd paste features ,tabs and animation .   but after all very very good app even equal to chrome and even better in some ways.
Perfect mobile browsing on my Nexus S 4G!
Better than the one that comes with phone....
Fast, good UI, Flash support, great improvements. Now only text search in sites has to follow, but this is planned. Together with the excellent adblock plus add-on, this is my favorite browser, on pc and phone.
I love the browser, but the latest update that came with the new interface made the browser and my phone slow down like CRAZY! It kept trying to run it in the back. I had to uninstall, but will re install if the problem's fixed.
Fast, clean, intuitive interface. Would give it five stars if it didn't crash frequently.  Also some websites are not well rendered eg facebook .
After a very bad first experience with previous version it seems firefox  is on the right tracks again.
You know guys this very awesome browser
The new version of this app is much better, they improved many aspects of the browsing experience.
Overall awesome. Very fast, a real browser. Give me desktop versions of pages which is what I want on my high res display. Only two detractions, 1) tabs should close when you hit the back button and there is no more history, 2) shared tabs arent as intuitive as I had hoped.
It's a great app. LOVE the tabbed browsing. Only thing that could improve it would be adding more functions included in the default Android browsers. Firefox is definitely the best browser out there in my opinion.
Very much improved and very useful. Synchronize is great and it is fast. Would like text reflow and for URL bar to hide when not needed. It would also be nice if pinching would show other open tabs.
Firefox quite awesome with their features. In android quite slow but i hope it will improve from day to day
The latest version of Firefox for Android is a huge upgrade. Making Sync an official system account makes syncing seamless. Addons work perfectly. Browsing is snappy, a great improvement over the sluggish older versions. My only complaint is a minor one: I'd prefer it if backing out of the app would make it quit. Other than that, it's ideal for me. It's become my preferred browser.
There are features which come standard in the browser but are not found here. A big one for me is the save link feature. I realize I can save as a pdf but in countless situations this does not suffice. It may be a niche feature but a key feature nonetheless.
Really fast, very smooth UI, a good browser which I'm currently using as my default. Just missing a few small things and a little bit of a tweak to the tabs UI to get 5 stars.
It's great I love it It's the best mobile browser I've used. But the only thing I don't like about it, is if you have a computer and a google account and you save a theme and/or wallpaper on your google homepage on your computer it doesn't show up on your homepage if you're viewing it in mobile version. So I would appreciate it if you guys could do something about that. Not trying to sound rude or mean here but it would just do me and a bunch of other people who are having this problem a big favor. Thanks.
Browser works great, real fast.  Only problem is I cant organize favourites(bookmarks).  Please add in options for subfolders so its not so cluttered.
Mozilla have done a great job on the new interface and it's lightning quick! I've had SwiftKey crash on me a few times while using it but that might be just coincidence. Overall its a big thumbs up :-)
better now,loads faster,and tab switching and web page scrolling is smoother too.   just wondering why the interface is exactly like spearmint web browser.... the previous interface was good as it was.
Good, not great, but things rarely are.
After update it became very good  Keeo up the good work
Syncing is pretty tough
Keep it up
I can't use it longer than 10 minutes without a total lockup, forces me to manual reboot sgt7. On my Iconia A500 its running much smoother. Update: june/july update: Your device isn't compatible with this version? What happened? Acer Icnia A500.
New interface is so much better! Hopefully the speed and reliability will be too :)
Good browsers.
After the latest update I can now use Firefox on my DX2 without it freezing or rebooting my phone. It's still a little slow at times and missing several options but still the only browser i use, mainly because its the most powerful browser on the market and lets me download anything. One thing that drives me crazy, besides missing standard buttons, is when im scrolling or pinch zooming it will select a link my finger passes over or the long press menu pops up, (only have this problem on my DX2, runs perfect on my Galaxy Tab 2). Please fix, add the forward/back/reload buttons and other important features, and I'll give 5 stars. Droid X2.
Good
New version sends chrome to the trash bin...  Only missing search within page text feature, and reflow text
The new version of firefox exceptionally fluid and smooth. Though it lacks a very important feature on that is copying and pasting. I think it's almost essential that a modern mobile browser has copying and pasting.
Great job to Mozilla. This browser has made great strides in a short time.
So far the best broweser.
So far the best broweser.
Mozila ia very fast browser in compair of dolphin. The only problem i face it i can not copy text from site.
Been available on android since version 4.0. 10 versions later, I'm happy to say that you got it pretty much right. This is now set as my default browser. Great work Mozilla team.
great work but every time i turn off my phone i lost my sync account, and i have to sync my phone again to my account every time i start my phone, waiting for bug fixes and keep doing that excellent work
Fast, syncs with desktop without creepy spying like Google, and extensions. Only missing feature is copy-paste.
Don't read proxy setting from the system.
I like the way it looks and runs. I just think there are a few things this app lacks that are basic on most android browsers such as privacy/incognito mode.
I have to say that after the latest update Firefox turned the table, It is way better than any other browser , i have tried all , Rudolph, chrome,blue boat, opera etc..they all work good but too lagy . BUt Firefox is above all now ! One problem though a basic function to copy the text is missing , and it is quite frustrating some times, hope it will be added in next version.
A massive improvement, an exit button, and to clear history without going into settings and ill give 5 stars anymore and its a bonus, cheers!
I would have given this update 5 stars but it is still incomplete, no search function and lack of add-on compatibility, still this is a much better interface than before and you managed to get gecko start up quickly. The sync functionality is not very useful since you surf different sites on mobile browsers. Please get the add-ons issue on your priority list so we can install stuff such as noscript.
I would have given this update 5 stars but it is still incomplete, no search function and lack of add-on compatibility, still this is a much better interface than before and you managed to get gecko start up quickly. The sync functionality is not very useful since you surf different sites on mobile browsers. Please get the add-ons issue on your priority list so we can install stuff such as noscript.
I think the 1st release was better than this one, I didn't wasn't to give 1 star but had to so I could post my anger	This thing sucks. It wouldn't do basic login on site, been syncing for 3hrs. on computer, but sync appears on phone & computer screen hasn't changed.logged into a site for me & opened some page link that I'd never seen & refused to load what I clicked. Worst thing was I opened a random page & it continued to open to it every time I opened the app. Spent hours trying to fix that issue, til I caved & just uninstall it Thought it'd of improved since first release but it looks better & works my nerves
It is ff, so nothing too wrong.
Really smooth & fast but why no photo uploads on Face Book??
When it's loading pages, it's definitely the best browser on mobile, flash support is as it should have been from the beginning pinchable, perfectly integrated to the page.  Love it, replaced my default browser on ICS 4.0.4 Please do the same for my Galaxy Tab 10.1 and fix that's strange bug I have since beta version, page loading that stops to work, have to kill the process for the browser to start to work again.
Finally, a FF build worth running on Android.
Awesome, smooth browser. Don't like the way text is made to fit your screen though but there is probably a fix for that somewhere in the settings :)
This internet net works really well and fast so ill jusy give it 4stars cause some of the pages turn to a different language
I can't read bangali in firefox browser properly where as other browser support well.
If you do your desktop browsing with Firefox, this is a must-have.  You have access to the currently open tabs, bookmarks and URL history from your desktop browser on your phone.   This would be 5 stars, but it crashes frequently for me when I tap the title/address bar to navigate to a new page. The handiness of the desktop sync outweighs this hassle though.
)HTC One S/4.0.3) It's pretty good, but I'm waiting for my favorite privacy and security apps to be rewritten for Android.  But as it is, the stock browser still has an interface that's better in some ways.
Good
If you have the same problem, try installing firefox beta... it worked for me and when I unistalled it, Fx started working just fine too.
May not be perfect , but I like it. Im looking forward for updates so I wont uninstall.
I just wish it wasn't so slow and unresponsive.
Wish I can add the speed dial function like opera.
I hope that the application supports copying
The beta version of the firefox browser app is significantly better and easier to use compared to this version
For most everything, it's a better browsing experience than the stock browser.  It handles multiple windows better, integrates with firefox sync (which is great) and generally provides a better user experience.
Version 14 really addresses the performance concerns from before. It's smooth as butter now. Great work Mozilla team!
I like this
pages fast but does not zoom into text field when you give it focus.
The browser looks fine and generally worked OK for what I tried doing. I reinstalled it after having some issues before, and most things seem to work fine now.  Syncing, which was a big draw for me, appears to be working much better now than before.  Unfortunately, it seems like when I reboot the phone (maybe just battery pulls, I'm not certain), the sync is completely lost and I have to set it up again, pairing the device with my home computer's browser.  I can deal with it, but it's a bit of a hassle I'd rather not have.  However, things look good enough so far that I uninstalled Dolphin which I was using before, and I've bumped up my rating of Firefox to 4 stars.  Hopefully it will continue to improve.
Flash, took long enough
This is a much improved version and it's now usable.  Scrolling is nice too.  There are still some performance issues and FIREFOX USES TOO MUCH RAM, 138MB for 4 tabs with flash disabled, I think it's too much.  Please do something about this.
Woooh mo
Got a lot of room for improvement in the add-on category but Firefox is the king of browsers
Still loyal to Firefox after all these years. Like the addition of flash finally. Had issue after latest update, unable to do anything. Uninstalled, reinstalled, resynced, works like a champ.
nice interface, fast browser, but initial sync took so long I was wondering if it happened at all!
1.) Needs to allow a link to be downloaded...like download a podcast mp3 link. 2.) Needs to allow text selection and copy.
Its slow...stock android browser is faster...
Speed is very fast but it lacks of key features like desktop mode, find on page. Therefore not making the browser an option to keep.
It is ok
Much better than previous versions, Firefox for Android 14 is smooth and fast, on my galaxy tab and even on my old Xperia Play. Ad blockig and Desktop user agent modes can be set via extensions which are free to download. My one contention is the visual design. It's not very pretty. The tab-selection dropdown is downright ugly. I'd love the option for a proper tab system, or at least a nice gallery of open tabs rather than that mankey, cramped grey list. Currently outperforms Chrome in most departments tho!
Getting use to it, but loving it just the same!
I still use it because I love Firefox in my desktop, but this app has serious bugs
Works perfectly
Just seeing the Firefox icon on my dock makes me happy!
Nice app
Wow what a transformation, from being slow and buggy to being the best browser out there. Only crashes when i tap to play flash.Step in the right direction, way to go.
good w/ flash now..
Installed this last night. Very happy, much speedier and looks pretty cool as well. Good job.. Samsung s2
Firefox works great on Android ICS.  Although rather mediocre on Android 2.3, the app runs beautifully on Android 4.0.  Rather delightfully surprised.
Getting better with every update.  keep up the good work devs. :)
the browser had good performance. how about you all make the search bar optional, instead of it taking up viewing space, or make full screen optional.
upgraded my review with latest update. Its cookin with gas now.
Upgrade definetly makes it better.... But still missing set homepage feature.
too big for Nexus-one even it has been moved to external storage(SDCard)
The new update is a vast improvement.  looks better, runs better
I've substituted the stock HTC browser with firefox. Love how easy it is to navigate, sadly I still get a few page rendering problems and YouTube videos don't seem to work.
But try to reduce RAM usage, not support text copy yet or find in page!
Good
Devnagari font is so broken, no problem in stock browser or in chrome. What happened?
Its good'' just like on pc.. but why its forceclose sometime..ihope it ll fix in next update.tq
new version is better and it finally supports flash. it needs more settings and tweeks like bookmarks and more extensions
Not the fastest browser I have used. Won't use it on 3G
Nice UI, but Firefox has an extremely slow startup.
The newest v14 (released 6/26) is much smoother and faster now, especially opening and switching between multiple tabs.  Still a little buggy though -- scrolling up and down is finicky on some pages, and occasionally touching links doesn't activate them.
There's still room for some improvements, sometimes it froze for a little bit, but even so now this is going to be my main and only internet browser on the Android.
Good
Now comes packed with flash but still lacks youtube support for some reason. Above all, good browser and will get better in the future.
Much improved. Hopefully it will get even better from here.
Very fast.i like that.awesome.
Update fixed alot of problems great work
realy fast
I really like the new interface, but it's missing basic features like copying text and finding in page. I've also had it crash on me a few times.   On the whole, though, I like the direction Mozilla is taking this. Keep it up!
awesome browser use it in my linux builds i run on desktop/laptop. would love to see a way to pull bookmarks from chrome to this as on my windows laptop i use chrome its much faster and i hqve it on ky hrc 1 x for syncing but no flash. if i could port my chrome marks to this its a definit 5 star as this browser is now....waite for it....fast!!!!
With this upgrade it becomes a decent mobile browser, but still something is missing: -Find in page / copy and cut text on page -Possibility of activate one single flash player content, not just all of them or none -Text auto adjustment
Microsoft HTML5 FishTank test is 5 times slower on Firefox than on Androind stock browser. Also some online game websites crash. YouTube player on webpage was skipping, not as smooth as on stock browser. Other than that it's extremely fast and great browser.
This version 14 is really good. Very fast to start and a very easy to use GUI. Zoom is excellent, extremely responsive.  Right now there a very few extentions (with time I hope that changes) and I also think that a little more configurability would be in order (always start in "about:home" ? remember last opened tabs ?)  It would also be nice to have more gesture integrated features (like in bookmark navigation do a swipe left-to-right to go back)  Anyway all in all, this is a great starting point, and worth the download. Keep it up mozilla!
Firefox is back with a very decent version!
Vast improvement from the last version haven't found anything wrong with it so far on my Samsung galaxy S2
Could be better, for instance it could load the full pages outright instead of the mobile version...
Faster than the stock browser and this is the browser I use everyday. A bit memory heavy and every time I switch application seems to reload the web page I've been viewing
With the last update firefox become my default browser. Is fast, pertty intutive interface, supports flash, tabed browsing and star page are really cool, the best browser now
They have clearly been listing to the users, this is a much improved browser. It now has flash support, and supports swiftkey. Personally I preferred the previous look of it, but there is nothing wrong with the current.  HTC Desire s
Much improved.  Faster startup, much less sluggishness.  I now enjoy using Firefox and hope it continues to get better.
Still room for improvement. Needs rap around text.
The UI isn't to my taste, and I wish it respected ICS's design aesthetic a bit more, but it's undeniably quick and stable, a real step forward. Thanks Mozilla. Now, can we talk about those Android design guidelines?
Spectacular!
Fast & efficient.
Performance improvements are very much noticeable. Me likes!
Having recently upgraded after using Android Firefox for the better part of two years, the latest version is a huge step forward and performs better than the stock Android browser.
Now its worth having looking forward to updates  DROID bionic
The best web browser
Good interface
Keep the good work.
But certain add-ons no longer work. Great looking now.
Needs text selection and possibility to request full desktop sites, though
I recently dwnld
I'm really impressed with this version. It loads fast and very responsive. However there is no hotkey for full screen.
Big performance improvements noticed on Sony Xperia Mini Pro.
Fast but lacking essential features - can't easily clear/disable cache etc. and constant haptic feedback is truly annoying. But, getting there.
Well, have to say, now when an app requires a web browser I don't even bother considering, Firefox works perfectly for what I've needed it to do thus far - which is brwosing the interwebs.  I know it still has problems and so on, but I didn't hit any thus far, keep up the great work.   Question : when can we expect the desktop version of AdBlock on the mobile FF ?:D
@johngeo download "phony" addon for ff if u want the browser to act like a desktop browser among others. Great update although am getting some random restarts though.
Good alternate of stock Android browser and Dolphin. Much better than Opera, especially on opening full desktop website.  But doesn't support flash on my Gingerbread O2x
Firefox android version is super fast with a smooth.interface , but it is not the best in the market . its far from where it can be as the add ons are not useful , the text editing is not there .  hopefully when they fix those features it will not be laggy again
The old version was slow at the start. But this one is instant even after I kill the app and open it again its like its stuck in memory.  Good job in this one.  This update is great and I think ill use Firefox as my main browser for a while
Works good. Takes getting used to but works out pretty good.
I am a loyal user of dolphin browser. I loved firefox so much in windows but android is not that satisfactory. However, the update in v14 seems to be a total change.
I love Firefox and use it on every device and computer I use but this update has problems. Websites freeze up until I'm forced to do a force stop and I miss having my choice of start page. Otherwise I love the new design and will love having flash when I can use it without freezes.
I haven't used it so far,but it. Looks like a great app.
But still it lacks features compared to Opera mobile.
Finally Firefox on Android that not restart my device everytime I try to use it.  As my default browser on PC,with sync. FF on android is become my best browser on my Phone!
With this update the firebox team did a fantastic revision. Not only is it much much faster, but its also more intuitive. This is my new default browser. Started having text field input input problems strictly in the browser (on a Skyrocket).
Firefox has finally unseated dolphin and opera on my phone.nice work.  Only remaining complaint that's keeping this from a higher rating is a long tap context menu with the "close other tabs" option.
With a few performance and UI tweaks and some native bookmark management, this could be a five-star browser. Worth the install and may become my default. Keep working on it, Mozilla!
It's better faster don't slow down like the old one and it work with almost all flash
Beautifull
VEry good browser but not search in page.
much faster than it used to be. finally a match for opera mobile
Poor browser but the extensions make it worth while
Works better now on ICS, some websites doesn't display mobile version of their web correctly, but extension can fix that, wonderful
Good work. Loved the new look and good enhancements in performance
Require an add on to change the User agent, and another one to have the Exit command. Seriously??
Good but not as good as Opera Mobile in terms of performance
Oh! New update with usable tabs! Now to try flash...
Speed is good but I would like a 'cleaner' browser (clear up the home page for example). Also needs more settings like view desktop site and clear cache
Go Mozilla! Huge improvement! Google mobile still doesn't load with native tabs or options, but wow it faster than stock! Sync is great too!
Not bad, it's definitely faster then it was but eating more resources then Opera Mobile. Browsing the same website Firefox used around 65 MB of RAM and CPU around 2% comparing to Opera's 45 MB and 0%.
I love the app and am even willing to make it my default browser and not dolphin HD. The only problem I'm getting is whenever I Google something I'm constantly getting a 503 error. Please look into this and also any image I download off the internet using Firefox can't be edited or shared through a program such as instagram for some reason.  All in all I love the app and if these two things get fixed I will be VERY happy
The speed increase vs the stock browser is incredible! There are a few quirks but it's much faster.
Much better then the stock browser
Much better then the stock browser
Massive leap in the right direction. But until flash is added won't replace my normal Droid browser
A very good browser.. one thing is that downloads cannot be paused and resumed like in boat browser.. still needs to have development
This version seems faster n more user friendly
It keeps auto spacing between each letter. But I love this app
Says I need a plugin for flash... Force closed when I received a call while browsing...
Quite usable after this update.
Cool
This latest update finally makes firefox slick and smooth. New interface works well and performance is great!
Generates a crash report when you select close from the menu. Otherwise browser is pretty quick.
If you're on a gnex don't download the full screen add on.  There is no way back because you can not see the menu button or uninstall the add on.
Really great update. Really smooth scrolling. But need text selection, refresh button at address bar, return to top. Then it'll be perfect because i use firefox for my desktop.
No tabet support
Now this is my default browser.
Would've been a great browser but no function to copy text?? That's ridiculous. UPDATE!!
It uses too much memory on my Xperia neo V. And page zooming is smoother and better in Opera browser.
Firefox is usable again, yay! Good job, guys!
Good
This version is much improved and finally worthy of the name Firefox!! Great job Mozilla.
When will h.264 video be supported? Almost perfect...
What a pleasant surprise! I've been a FF desktop browser user since the beginning and was disappointed with the mobile version. However this latest update is a huge improvement and has made the browser usable. It's fast, I like the new UI, flash works and the whole experience is so much better.  This is a good base to build a real winner on. Next we need more control on our privacy settings and hopefully some of the security and privacy add-ons will catch up and add some of the similar features we see on the desktop version.   Sure there are a few little things missing like unable to select text and it's memory footprint but overall this is a perfectly capable browser and can now rival the stock browser on my GS2.  I'd like to see an option for allowing or denying cookies on a per site basis like the desktop version or at the very least to clear cookies after closing the browser.  Great job done guys!
The only bug that annoys me is the slow to appear animation for clicked link. That is for the browsing engine as for the interface there are virtually no options everything is done with addons therefore the fullscreen addon does that but there is no way to manage tabs in fullscreen.
Kudos to the team for releasing the much awaited upgrade. Though unarguably it has better spped than Dolphin HD,still on my galaxy sl am finding a bit too sluggish at times compared to chrome Beta running on custom ROM. no redirection to mobile sites automatically say endgadget. and the text field got some problems on my phone. Rest all that oo with flash support is really great and a good browser to try!!
Like
When would the firefox for android tablet  be available?
This update today is the 1st time I have like app since out of beta. Worth another look
Works well
Really nice update. GUI changed completely. More user friendly.
This update provides a great GUI.  However, wrap text on zoom is not working and is a requirement for my needs.
Improved but still behind Google Chrome Beta for Android. I like it but second best.
Out of all the browsers.. FireFox loads more "supported" pages.  Chrome: not supported Opera: not supported FireFox: Cha-Ching$$
This is so much better than the stock browser.
Firefox is my favourite desktop browser. Expected same from mobile version, but it simply isn't good enough yet. Very laggy, feels sluggish. Had to,uninstall. Sticking to dolphin for now. Mozilla please improve it before its too late.
Where is ctrl + shift + p mode like desktop version?
I remembered when firefox sucked on the android. Not  anymore this version is a big improvement. And mind boggling fast. The ui needs some work and polish though
Love the sync feature.
Chrome has arrived:)
... Download the nightly build of Adblock Plus. Moves great, now supports Flash and also great for downloading.   Would have given it a 5, but I still have more testing to do.
Never any problems.
The last update completely changed the game for this browser. An already good UI just got even better. Tabbed browsing is easy, very responsive scrolling on my Bionic, and syncing works like a charm.
When Mozilla announced that the "next big thing" was coming on Firefox for Android, they weren't lying. Now with Adobe Flash and unparalleled smoothness/fluidity, Firefox proves to be the best 3rd party browser available on Android. The UI is simple yet functional, and the addition of desktop mode is warmly welcomed. If this browser supported HD Flash video playback like the stock browser, and could re-wrap text, it would be absolutely perfect. Great job Mozilla.
Probably took a new phone and version 14 of Firefox to make me feel comfortable with using Firefox on my mobile. Great work, now my default Browser.
Much improved. Now my main browser for both desktop and mobile.
The previous version was virtually unusable.  The latest version is much faster.  Also, the interface is a lot more user-friendly.
The new one is fast and cool but it takes a lot of RAM when I use it (twice as Opera Mobile does). Hopefully the next version will be better.
Browser is pretty quick.
Video goes blank after few seconds..pls fix
Fastest browser on android. Needs copy and paste and better full screen support and it will definitely replace opera as my primary browser.
Better. Can't delete the highlighted stuff in the address bar with one touch??? Fix that. Else good effort. Back to Boat browser I go.
Nice browser
Add-on page is not working fix it and I'll rate 5 stars
Not very speedy compared to ninesky or even the stock browser but works well.
Buggy with the back button to exit but otherwise great
Google search sucks! I don't like using this app just cuz the search looks old cheap and unworthy of even looking at
Needs to have find in page fixed for five star rating.
Not quite as quick and functional as Opera yet but definitely prettier.
Works great! But I would appreciate a privacy mode. Or an option to delete all private data with a "master-button". Keep going. Thx
The new UI in the latest version has won me over. I think I may have a new default browser.  Removed one star due to lack of easy text selection.
Phony add on is good, syncing with PC is xlnt.
Very nice  application,..
Firefox without much customisation options? No option to switch useragent?
It would be awesome if we could see details about downloads... and private navigation could be useful too.
Much better than the last few times u tried it.
It does not break the text. Opera does...
On my Motorola Atrix 4g the new Firefox is about as fast as Dolphin browser.  Dolphin does better with full-screen mode though in that it's more natural. Firefox has a full-screen add-on but it's kinda kludgy in comparison as it's via a toggle.  Also, not sure if this is an add-on or built in to Dolphin but Dolphin does a great job guessing the website I want from just a few keywords where Firefox appears to make you actually first submit a google search and then click on the right website.  Still, I like this new update and the speed and cleanliness of the experience make it a worthy alternative to Dolphin.
I want to get rid of the URL bar and not the notification bar while browsing. Also instead if top sites on the front page, u shuld allow bookmarks instead
I just installed the new update.... very disappointed. I generally like Firefox and had the previous version set as my default on my Galaxy. Please....  QUIT showing my recent "Top Sites" to everyone BY DEFAULT..... or at the very least give me the option to turn it off. But NOOOOOOOOOOO not this time. Why does every browser nowadays want to do this by default now. It seems like they are all just copying each other thinking that this must be what people want since the others are doing it. Just let me set my home page like before..... NO New Tab page.... NO Start Page...... NO Incognito Mode, NO Add-ons. I DO NOT want my searches saved and or displayed. This is a huge PRIVACY concern and everyone seems oblivious to it. "Do Not Track" by default is a step in the right direction.
I know that this is a major upgrade but still I don't see need for so many new permissions and that too with no explanation by developers.
Much much much better than when I first used it. Only thing I can see it doesn't have is text wrapping?
I know the mozilla from pc amd they did an awesome job on android...  Just giving some feedback... When i enable "don't keep activities" on my phone settings/developer settings, it does not entering amy site. But if i disable it, it is okay
The newest version is rhe best so far... Well targeted for a polished mobile experience
Latest version introduced a huge improvement!!
Improve the bookmark presentation and syncing and I'll give it five stars.
I have been a Firefox desktop user for a long time and love the mobile version but I hate the way google renders. Overall I would say it is a great browser though
Now firefox for android more like a browser than ever! The flash support and user interface are perfect :)
Excellent app, I would recommend it to a friend
Never actually tried the beta but already impressed with this first true version. Pages do load faster than stock version. You get 4 stars from me now but once I put the through its paces in a week's time, I may bump it to 5. Keep up the good work for now Mozilla.
Massive improvement over previous versions. Battery drain and data hogging have been fixed but now has a slight bug with Web forms.
I find that Firefox is faster than Dolphin HD but it seems to lack some of the vital features I want. The biggest thing for me is not having the control over my history and privacy as I do on the desktop. Dolphin HD has an option to clear all my history on exit, Firefox desktop has this option, yet Firefox mobile does not. Even the plug-ins that should give this feature don't work the way they should.
smooth,beautiful,fast and fast and smooth and perfect and...i am in love with this app,THANK YOU! i love you guys...not gay lol
The speed is amazing
I wish there were a zoom feature like the OG browser on my galaxy. Also would b awesome to have private surf function!
Smoother than chrome and stock browser.  CM9 v6
This has now become my favourite web browser
Browser performs much better. Easy to use and loads fast. My only complaint is the colors that it displays. The colors of pages are off sometimes. I checked this against other browsers like Chrome, Dolphin and the stock browser.
I like it! Very easy to use
The first look on this pretty interface and i loved Firefox mobile again. This is the right direction Mozilla is going. My only hope is, that there will be a compatible version for my ASUS Transformer prime soon.
Hopefully will be faster but now is great
GREAT!!
It crash always on my galaxy R
Love it!  Hope have more updates for phone and desktop. More power!
Can run Flash I like it.....let try
Huge improvement since last version
It is much better than the beta version, I like the UI. It would be better if there is a way to close current Page when it is the only one open.
Nice browser . Flashplayer works properly.
The previous version was laggy, took FOREVER to load up and generally lagged the McF*ck out of my phone. THIS version is fast, opens instantly, Flash works on it (yay, it's a Christmas miracle), and the AdBlock dev build works until the other can be updated. tl;dr - GOOD JOB! FINALLY GOT SH*T RIGHT, MOZILLA!
It's okay!
Really screaming fast. Few glitches though. Page rendering not the best, especially when zooming in. Desktop toggle not available. I am sure these updates would be coming soon. Until these 4 stars, though I really wanted to give 5
I love the speed and simplicity of it. But it's choppy when scrolling pages contains some images on Sony xperia S. Doesn't happen on opera. Add oil
Browser support for flash awesome.. onlly that no basic functionality like copy paste...
Good work. So far everything loads very fast
Let me know when you add text reflow... Meanwhile, uninstall.
I'll reserve judgement after putting thru its paces. First impression: good work, Mozilla.
Excellent update team Mozilla .
Good browser but with many fewer plug-ins it will be tough going until the plug-in vendors catch up. Overall good improvements though.
Needs quick controls as in stock ICS browser. Such an awesome feature that can't live without
Much better now. Please add ability to close last tab so it displays dialpad. Add more functions to popup menu. Add long press popup menu on pages
The browser is super fast and really nice start but still a bit to get it there. Please get rid of the bouncy border effects. They feel so wrong on Android!
Nice
Firefox works awesome on my HTC one v. It rocks.
Really fast on my phone.Always amazing.
The only browser that allowed me to view am important website properly.  Opera,  dolphin, google browser,  none of them worked except firefox. Highly recommended.
Love it
No private browsing mode, full screen is an add on? Can't toggle autorotate? Don't add on this thing to death!
Nhanh hoi nang chut
I loved it, the first time I used it, I said wow fast and looks nice. Protect your privacy, sync with your desktop and used them.
Nice internet ever
Faster and better than the stock browser our chrome
Better than other browsers but crashes quite a bit.
La nueva actualización pésima,lenta y solo ha mejorado la estética.
Yeah its also in my mobile.... Firefox the best browser ever...
Its d best as its not complicated and easy to use whereas internet explorer is a waste of time too complicated.
This is ridiculous. Will check back in a year or so if the issues are sorted out...  5 stars for mozilla, nonprofit and a free web though!
faster than opera mini. 5 stars
Somuchlolz on YouTube you won't regret searching for it on this internet browser.
Awesome browser..replaced dolphin for this cause its awesome
Nice browser loving it!
while the scaling sometimes is not as smooth as native.. its overall a good effort and is good progress towards a free software browser on android that puts users back in control of their digital mediation.
I use this as my main browser on my Galaxy Nexus GSM running 4.1.1 jb.
Earlier versions were a little slow and buggy but now it's very good. Best feature is the ability to sync tabs and bookmarks.
Awesome and easy to use. Its the best and better than any other web browser.
This browser is just awesome. Much better than any other browser in here.:)
Works poorly on my ZTE WARP! Very slow.
good
Seems pretty good on SS 2
Tooooooooooooooooooooooooo guddddddddddd.
One of the great apps both on PC and Mobile .
The best..
Exellect browser for a 720prs, firefox is just the best for high hdpi screens
Fire fox is very dependable and user friendly.
Fire fox is very dependable and user friendly.
Why can Dolphin do it right and Firefox...the one browser that should...can't??  All this time and this browser still sucks.
1.) Its the fastest browser 2.) Native Save web pages as PDF 3.) Firefox Sync 4.) Excellent
Congrats to the Mozilla team for their awesome work, this browser rocks !
It should be supported, used.
I love it
I was disappointed I couldn't get Chrome on my Gingerbread phone...until I tried Firefox, that is. It's fast and renders complex pages that choke the default browser and Dolphin. Plus I love that it locks scrolling vertically when scrolling up and down pages. Great job, Mozilla!
Unpleasant webpage viewing and constant crashes!  Uninstalling!  Samsung Galaxy Note
Hhv  Vfrd Jhfdfg
Good
Better to use and has good features
Perfect for surfing!
Oklah
the best rendering of non mobile sites; the only problem i found is screen not refreshing when going page back sometimes (posibly mali400 driver related on sgs2 ics)
Awesome app it lets access everthing as if it was a normal brower, thank you for making this app.
ffy
This has come so far since the last time I tried it. Nice work. This is my new go to browser.
This internet was fast and simple. It was super easy.
Plzz guyz dont give negetive comments ...thz app is the best
Good
Wow
A very goid web browser...
V14 is the best....!!!!
Works great, just a lot of memory used up..
nice application
loved it on my desktop at home and even better on my droid charge.
loved it on my desktop at home and even better on my droid charge.
The best browser only better
Firefox works great on my Galaxy Nexus. It loads pages correctly which the built-in browser does not handle fully, and the Flash player runs like a breeze!
Now, it is better than Chrome. Fast and stable.
The stock browser and dolphin are ok, but this is the closest to a desktop Web in a phone I've seen. Chrome comes a close second.
Believe it
Good
Love it!!!
Love it!!!
Awesome.. :-)
Thanks Mozilla for finally making a sick browser for droid. Running on ics on SIII.
5 stars. Only browser that can play animated gifs on my epic 4g and can play most flash porn
Finally Firefox decent on Android! Great job Mozilla. Fastest browser on 4.1 hands down, and i've tried them all.
Rawas
Hard to navigate and thendownload manager corrupts the data.
The browser is wicked just one problem the back and forward buttons should be on the tab. Galaxy s2
Good app
My only real issue is that i had to uninstall it and reinstall it. With all the updates it had taken up near a gig of space
fine replace for the chrome
Good
Since the update and complete redesign a couple of weeks ago, Firefox is the browser I use in more than 90% of the time. To me it is even faster than Google Chrome.  But there's still some room for improvement:  1. Please include the the option to switch between mobile and desktop view, including an automated reload when you've changed the setting. 2. Find in page. 3. When I search via the address bar I always get a 502 error. When I delete the s in https the search is working. Happens on all search engines
Use it as a stock browser.
Found my song
Best, fast!
Looks like it has potential
"Don't keep activities" is not possible which means it keeps running after you quit the browser....
Tuyet voi
awesome
Nice.i like it
Firefox es muy bueno !!!
Not bad, but sadly not as good as Dolphin yet. Desktop version is much better but hopefully one day I'll make this my main mobile browser as well.
Good
It's a great design but the browser seems to be slower than the default browser on my galaxy s and it doesn't provide the feature to press on the screen to get the word search options
Excellent transition to mobile environment.
Iliked.
Excellent
I am a big fan if Mozilla products!
Works fantastic on my s3.  really need at least a duel core device.
I'ts very easy to use and faster browser that i ever tried. Specialy for android ice cream sandwhich. Good for update new version, keept improved any new idea.
Works a treat and syncs with my desktop Firefox just like it's supposed to.
With firefox browser i can read Arabic websites and it works faster great love it
Use it all day on my computer, and now I use it all day on my phone.
I knew Firefox was overhauled and improved but this is better than I expected, now I'm torn between Firefox and chrome but I may use Firefox more because I have more bugs with chrome on my device than with firefox
I rarely rate 5 stars, but this is better than Google. And A LOT faster!
Last update become my main browser
I have tried them all....from opera to dolphine to what not. This one has it all, the best user experience with all the little add ons that make it easy to use and friendly.  My mobile is the Samsung galaxy II.
Gòod
Flash support, fast loading. And to the others experiencing issues with add-ons, after update a few will be disabled, just enable them. Simple. Before writing a bad review for an awesome app, take the time to troubleshoot first
used to be bulky, great now
This is very fast and stable no lag this is a lot better then chrome.
All the downloads r so fast and I live in the hills its awesome
Very good to use i lyk so much
Great! I luv it!
Very hebat
Cool B-)
I installed when it first came out but wasn't so impressed. Tried it again a few months ago and have been using it as my browser ever since!
Firefox was and always be my favourite web browser!
Firefox is much better then chrome I advise to get this
Mast
Can u add the option to chose between different agent?
it is quite cool browser. Plugin and sync features provide additional value, rendering is decent, close to desktop experience.
But it can leak memory at times
Faith in firefox: Lost. Edit: Wow good job Mozilla!
I love firefox!
Very slow desire s ....
This browser is so much slower than the default browser your mobile came with, so do not waste your time with for this. Mozilla just disappointed me, uninstalling.
I really hate that I have to give the Mozila team 2 stars because I love the Firefox experience on the PC but I was shocked at how horribly this web browser has performed on my phone and it wasn't always like this I'm not sure which update it was but flash no longer works I can't view emails and the new UI is terrible. I will keep it on my phone maybe on of the updates may fix it but until then 2 stars:(.I will still always support you guys on the PC and Mac.
It would be perfect if it would stop with the feedback every link...
better than chrome on android
Better than others
All the browser you'll ever need. No crazy extraneous features to bulk the experience like Dolphin, no awful optimization and horrifically low-framerate page rendering like pretty much every other Android browser.  All credit to Mozilla, when they first released this towards the end of last year, I never thought it would be good. It easily had one of the worst UI's on the market, and a mediocre page rendering engine at best.  It's now extremely fast, extremely responsive (even during page loads), maintains a framerate that feels like 60 Hz with only the touchscreen latency to mar the experience, and has a sensible tab UI that puts the current page on the forefront while still making numerous other tabs easily accessible.  The only thing I hope for is an integrated feature for hiding the address bar when one's device is oriented horizontally, or when one has scrolled down the page sufficiently.
The best explorer for android users, it loads the pages mutch more faster and it have a beutiful layout too, love it
Superb... browser
With the latest update, this is now my daily browser. Fast now and love the fact that it syncs my bookmarks with Firefox on my pc.
Best
I have been waiting so long for this update! Great job moz. Slow, but great! Now be sure to keep it this good ok? No going backwards now.
Awesome the pdf saving the page is gud
I am mostly very happy with it, both in performance and stability. There is one problem with the bbc mobile news Web site: the sections menu is always open at the top (and bottom) of every page, forcing you to scroll down a couple of screens in order to start reading. Problem does not exist with all other Android browsers
Thank you  Schollmd@live.com
Had been using Opera and Dolphin browsers until I discovered this one.Firefox is by far the best.Highly recommend it.Thanks devs
NICE BROWSER
Don't DL! Browsing is horrible, app is buggy, editing Page URL isn't available with DX2 using SwiftKey 3 keyboard. Don't waste your time!
Better than android default browser.
Nice browser
It just loads without showing anything at all on my razr moto ics
Tremendousley work on my android
Verry good application.love it.
Gooog
Nyc
Nyc
just love the new design...fast n  smooth
So awesome!
Cool browser.
Lags like an old granny... It seems this is for samsung galaxy s3 and htc one x...aparently you need quad core for this lol
Browser is better than the one installed!
Favorite browser.
Makes my g2x more like a smart phone:) the only problem is my auto capitalization doesn't work when typing in forums. Please fix and give me jelly bean or my phone:) or ics atleast...
I tried to find something wrong with it, but was unable to do so. It's nice!! Thanx for the upgrade.
Adblock works. Fast n functional.just awesome
After a slow and bumpy start, Firefox for Android is now a serious contender with the Dolphin browser. Nice job, Mozilla!
best browser ever
Its got an awesome interface and good performance...def beats dolphin nd opera
Love Firefox
I liked it
Hope it is as good as what I have on my laptop. Very pleased with the laptop one.
Great
I love mozilla it is the simplest and fastest browser in the market! I have tried most of them but my heart fell for this one! Google chrome is more stable but a lot slower!
Just perfect!!!
Works awesome!
Glad to finally see Firefox w flash support. Add-ons like Phony make this browser much more flexible than default Samsung Galaxy browser. The UI is also much better. Vast improvements over the last few times I have tried to use FF mobile browser. Tabbing is much quicker and better organized. Default "save page to pdf" function could be cool for offline reading? Not sure yet.
Good
Firefox has been the best browser for ages now. For all you who are giving this 1 or 2 stars, please search mozilla and realise how small the team is and then realise how amazing this browser is. Thanks guys. I can live with your 'flaws'
Amazing
Firefox mobile has the best sync. It's really a realtime sync.
Before I was stuck on Dolphin because it was the only browser that supported flash. Now that firefox finally added flash support, I can use it as my default browser. I also love how it syncs with my computers firefox!
Hai
Best ever
I have downloaded a few different browsers, but this one is definatly the best
Simply awesome
This should be standard on all  phones
I'm glad that Mozilla released a proper working version of Firefox for android. I've been using Firefox since 2006 and I'm sure I will keep using it in the future. Best browser for me on the Play Store.
I hate this version more than the last because you can not control your downloads, the only option with you downloads is to cancel them, also in this new version you can't open up your download and open a link like you where allowed to do in the old version. Worst part there is not place to tell you if your download failed to retry. It f**king sucksssssss
Great job on the app. I love it.
Provides a very smooth experience
Simply the best ..love it !!!!!
Really good
Awesome browser.do not listen to other scrap comments.
On Droid, on Facebook, it pops up DELETE beside every subcomment so you can't read the text on the right of the screen. I believe since last update. The layout is much better however!
Very good browser on my htc incredible 2
Quite smooth. Supports flash. Hope to see more updates in the future.
great apps
Betas way better than this. UPDATE the version that this is on is much improved over it
Why is the browser trying to change how my keyboard works? I have to constantly fix extra spaces when entering info as well as other problems 4/26/12
Love using it with adblockerplus.
I love this app
Sony Erisson XPERIA
Updates are perfect.
This best browser in the world
Like a few others, several months ago I downloaded this apparently and it was slow, it lagged, and was not for me. However, now it is better than the stock android browser and is just a must have. I can access pages that's would not load on stock version;I am very pleased with this browser.
I hate mobile versions of websites. With Firefox you download the phony add on and every website displays in desktop mode. Dolphin and other browsers still display some websites in there mobile version even after you switch the UI string but not Firefox.
Firefox is awesome.
My favourite laptop and even galaxy s2 brower!! Simply awesome!!
Cool
Niceeeereee
Niceeeereee
Like
Ff should have a keyboard that comes out when you tap on a game...like qwop.
Works like it suppose to works fast
Great browser for a great gadget
Ultimate web browsing experience. Much faster than native browser or facebook app. Must have app for an Android phone.
Glad i found this browser
Glad i found this browser
It's. Very useful. I like it
This app is lightening fast!
I had installed two previous versions. Both times it bogged down my phone so bad I removed within 24 hours. I'm glad I gave it a third try
Good
Has improved a hundred fold over the last few versions. Definitely recommend.
It was a great browser but since the update, it constantly gets hung. And I liked the interface better before the update. I use a Galaxy S. That is all.
I only use firefox nothings better
Flash rules still on jellybean !
Not a Firefox fan on my laptop, but this is the best alternative to the HTC browser (until we get Chrome).
Super awesome browser
May be a few more fancy cosmetics changes for the ui and it will be much better than chrome! Also it needs to load Android optimized pages such as the Google search page for Android
Awesome
Awesome
Its awesome
Truly has evolved well.
Good
Very good app
It's support arabic in non middle east android phones
I have one word to share and it is "Awesome", that says it all.
Nice
This is the fastest browser i have tried.Before it was ao slow,but now is very fast and smooth.I used opera mobile and maxthon,but they get slower with updates.I just miss copy text,and find on page every thing is the best,don't ruin it.And add ability to move it to sd card pls.it is to large app,for a browser,tnx.Cheers
Excellent
I like surfing the internet on my phone , and this is the greatest solution.
Best apps
Requires so much memory that it almost won't run on my phone.   Nearly 40 MB!   As a result, it's slow and painful to use.
i think firefox browser is very easy to use... thank you...
i think firefox browser is very easy to use... thank you...
Goood , Intrent Better Thenn Intrent Explor , But Google Chrome Iss Good , Too
Best browser for using internet. I find much easier to sync bookmark and all. I browse the sites same as on my lappi.
I just had it to say this is the most best browser on my D3.
I know this would run on Nexus 7 if I sideload it. But the renamed 'Play' store won't let me quickly override the 'not compatible with your device' warning. Same problem with Flash. Whose brilliant idea was it to rename the app store 'Play' anyway? Some of us are business users, we don't 'play' with our devices, we 'utilize' them...
Collest and greatest browser with add on support and desk sync.
Meh, still like the stock browser better.
Add spacing for swype users please. please join the twenty-first century and use swype if you don't already.
I Like This.
Some of the text size is too small or bigger. I hope the issue is addressed in future releases.
Before this version FF was rubbish, but now I see a great browser. It does not consume all my memory and is not blocking my phone. It is also very fast and it integrated with other android apps. When in backgroud it shrinks to 3mb of memory and closing and starting times are instant. More than that i can install my favorite addons including adblock plus! Keep it so mozilla!
Nice interface, fast loading, open source and built to make a better web.
woooow its good
Snap to zoom is terrible. Zooms way too much. No import bookmarks, no easy access to bookmarks. Love the desktop version but mobile version sucks.
Nice inte
Nice inte
Better than before much faster at startup and page rendering.
fast
Better than the default
Love it
Much more stable than built-in android browser. I appreciate the Sync feature so I can continue working at my workstation. 5 stars.
A little sluggish... Doesn't have all the features I would like too... But knowing Mozilla, Firefox for mobile will turn out great!
Working good
thanks
When I got my Xperia S the first thing I did was look for an Android version of firefox so I could use that most indispensable browser addon 'NoScript',but unfortunately the the version available to was slow and quite buggy.  I then switch to Dolphin Browser HD, which is alright and quite fast but there is no all important 'NoScript' add-ons or even something remotely similar. I have had to cope with stupid ads and floating banners, which we all know can be a real pain if you finger is your pointer on a screen. All of a sudden there is the glorious Firefox 14.0 release update (in my case Waterfox x64 14.0.1 update) and then informed of the new Firefox Mobile release. I've never looked back. Got rid of Dolphin and already got my bookmarks, add-ons, etc exactly the way they are on my desktop.  In short.....THE FOX HAS KILLED & EATEN THE DOLPHIN
Kereeennnn
The best
Running this on Archos gen8 101IT tablet. It's pretty smooth. My only beef is that I can't install Noscript. It says it's not campatible with FF 14.0.1 even tho the current Noscript works up to FF 17. I do not have this problem on my other mobile devices like Nook or Android cell phones.... weird.
Anirudh style
Firefox is awesome. It allowed me to read Arabic on my Samsung Galaxy Blaze 4G Android. I don't need to root my device anymore : ) keep it up Firefox.
Thanx firefox, u alwayz created the best amongst all ... Just so super cool scrolling through page in my tablet... A small request... NEEDS A BIT SIMPLE INTERFACE.... Nd you just ruin Opera at every part :) love you firefox :*
Solo tengo una intriga. No puedo copiar texto del navegador. Dejo el dedo pulsado y nada. Ningun recuadra para resaltar lo que quiero seleccionar. Es una funcion que uso mucho y no puedo realizarla en el navegador.
Massive improvement all around
It's great app give 5 stars don't be haters
Fit for tornt download
Firefox is the best :)
Nice app from firefox. thank you
A browser that let's me sync my favorites easily!
مافي لغة عربية
Keep up the good work mozilla
Very nice update loads quickly now..
Desktop computer on my phone
Greatest browser. A must download
Superb browser a must have .......on every phone
This is the best app ever!!!
Awsoom
only browser that works on my s3
Best browser ever
Best web ever
Best evaaa
Good alternate browser
Ilike it
No advanced settings like desktop/mobile view or homepage settings.
Awesome!! Finally!!
Video not working. Text flow in a mess. I installed Firefox without using the original browser. But after I tried the pre install browser. I'm gonna delete this thing now.
Terrible formatting, nothing fits, when I zoom, everything goes in different directions. The android browser works better. Too bad, because I prefer firefox on my desktop.
How the hell did this browser get such low ratings??? I feel like I've tried them all - the only one that came close to the Firefox experience is XScope, and sadly, I don't see it available anymore. Mozilla is quickly becoming one of my favorite open source companies out there...
I will always be a Firefox fan ..it is one of the best browsers I have ever used and will continue to use.  Microsoft stole the *tab* idea from Firefox back in the day and Firefox has all the best addons compared to chrome.   Keep it up Firefox crew
It's Fast and reliable (First realese was very slow)  I can also sync my favourites with my laptop...  go and get it!
Excelent
Good
Koristim je na svim uređajima ali ova verzija je dobra. Još isprobavam ali su prvi dojmovi odlični!!!!
Completely Happy to have downloaded the app. Thank You developers
I really love new interface!  and Flash  support?  nice!
Good wirk
It's faster than chrome!!!! U all should try it!!!
Very happy now it has flash support.   Love the addons as well.
A lot faster and privesy prof
Love it
Nice
Great browser faster and easier than the browser that came with my HTC sensation and faster and better thi chrome. Brilliant
^_^        ;-)
Way better than stock web app. Fast and reliable!
Click to play flash really improves my daily experience on the web and having my passwords and history sync'd means I rarely have to your type.
Finally u people have a strong contender for the best browser.  add find in page feature as soon as possible.  thanks!
Excellent. Much much better than the earlier releases. And to my surprise, firefox is much more faster and smoother compared to chrome! Great Browser and I highly recommend it.
Closing down to desktop browser standards. Far better than before. I like it.
The best
This is awesome so easy to use and its so smooth
Huge improvement
I can now view my cameras, but I don't get the rest of the browser, no flow..also, problem with entering passwords. When you type a user name and password, it puts a space after every character. Samsung Epic touch
This app is amazing!
Almost as good as the desktop version and getting better with every update.
No support for all androids. Trash. Google chrome go ya beat.
Sleek
Lagging...
This new version is much faster than before.
Very good, works well in desktop mode and handles more complex sites well
Love it
Love it
I love it now. I'm starting to chose to use it more often than dolphin hd and that's a huge compliment lol
i cant believe how underrated ff is in the comunity but this is the only browser that could handle desktop version of yt on my fathers htc one v... chrome crashed, stock couldnt play video proper without yt app and opera was slow or just looping the video and freeze... ff handled it like a champ!
It is very nice but while downloading it no resume support . It is auti restart.
This Firefox is perfect sync with pc!!!
This application is the best application and it's too fast to open your website i give it 5 stars
Crashing on clicking quit allwinnera10 processor
Surprisingly good Web browser. Shows my pages a lot better than standard browser
Doesn't work  HTC Raider
A
A
Slowly getting there!
Loo
Fast also
Emeği geçen herkese teşekkür
Только операсты в рейтинг срут много.
It°s all rite
This is a good and compatible browser with the phablets!!!
Owesome.!
I find this app easy and pleasurable to use.
Awsome
Thank you mozilla team for bringing this awesome dekstop browser to our android phone
It's almost like mozilla for pc
downlod
Simply the best in market
Other than this browser nothing else suits me!
Plz support 4.1.1
Download this browser. If you like using Firefox on your PC or Mac then you'll love this.  However, the ICS stock browser on my Samsung Galaxy SII Skyrocket almost gives it a run for it's money but FF still wins.
Good
!.    C.!ibbbbzzmn  .   ... . .  -.     ! ! Z. . .
I was using Chrome for a while on my SGS2 and it was laggy and slow.  It would hang a lot.  Switched to the recently renovated Firefox and it is speedy, easy on the eyes, and ideal on my phone.  Keep up the good work Mozilla!
Double good
On my nexus s browsing was always a little laggy, but the latest versions of Firefox are really really good. Planning around is smooth, loading time is great and it has  great features. Having tried nearly every browser in the store I have to say that Firefox is the best! PS: it supports flash on jelly bean!
it's awesome. firefox still better then others
Best Browser Ever
It is just great!
the only problem I had was when I tried to push a button it would click somewhere else. what fixed it  was that I downloaded the full screen thing then it worked perfectly
Basic functions are missing. No way to change location folder. Epic Fail!
Very gud apps
Amazing
Intuitive, fast browsing. This time they've got it right!
Its great!
Joyful and fun to use.
Joyful and fun to use.
Very quickly display the web page. Simple and good looking, close to the desktop feel. Better mobile browser I ever tried
For those that rate it bad just because they don't download extensions such as flash and phony. This browser is just like desktop
it says firefox is not compatible with my device. was runnig good with froyo, gingerbread, icecreame sndwich, why not jelly bean?
I used already many internet explorer before especially opera mini but i like this one much better.
What i'm waiting for.
Sleek
It's a cool application for my HTC explorer.
It is very fast browser I like it very much
Best
Works great on HTC one v. It's probably the smoothest flash enabled browser I've seen
If you can figure out how to side load this apk as well as the Adobe Flash Player apk,  I can confirm that Firefox is an excellent choice for watching Flash content on the Nexus 7 without rooting.
Firefox is a huge improvement over the stock gingerbread browser! Would be perfect if the navigation bar would fade out while surfing. Edit: I give it 5*!! Possibility to install addons is great! And I'm stunned how smooth it is! Smoother than Chrome on my TF101 with 4.0.3!!
Like
best for busy people...
Its awswem .
Great browser i like it and better than chrome
Very fast not like before, very good work. Installed on galaxy Sii
My partner when browsing
nice
Runs perfectly on SGS2.
Very good. Customizable. Synch lets you have you favorites list up to date on a PC and your Android device. Great!
This is the first browser that I have actually been able to get to play animated gifs on my Android device. Now sites like Reddit are much more interesting.
I've always been a fan of Firefox and always will be
Love it
Fschcc
faster than opera
If you love Firefox on the desktop then you must download this app
Because it is d only browser that worked well in playing filipino flash videos like pinoychannel, pinoyako, etc. on my s3. My ICS stock browser and even best rated browsers like dolphin kept on hanging just right after the flash video plays
Just like the desktop version! Mozilla has really jumped the shark. I've had this on my phone since it first came out, and I've literally never actually used it, because it's too slow and unstable.
Great app
at last!
Very fast
Super cooooool...
I love it very smooth thats all.
Simplyvfast with minimal.lack
Great&user friendly UI, better&faster with each update, keep up the good work
Brings Firefox desktop feel to Android.
I tried ff when it was freshly released for android and it was slow. But now, it has become incredibly slick and a joy to use. Thank you mozilla!
Thank you so much
Greates
Much smoother than any other app.  Evo 4G
Come on. I would expect tablet compatibility with tablets before low power phones. Please get this working on the nexus7.
Love the Sync feature to my favorites toolbox on my PC
Excellent
Nice
Firefox on Android runs perfectly, really smooth on my Samsung Galaxy SII
Very nice
I like it
Since the latest update hands down the best browser available for the Android platform. Super fast and a good-looking, intuitive interface. Also the first mobile browser implementing the do-not-track spec, if you care about your privacy, you should use Firefox. One minor downside to the new update is that a lot of addons haven't been updated yet for the new interface, but I am hopeful the addon-developers are busy doing just that.
Great fast service with barely any glitches      better than google chrome
Fast, less crashes, looks the best.
Huí
I think its funny how many people complain about FREE apps. It worlds great, looks great and is better than Microsoft.
I think its funny how many people complain about FREE apps. It worlds great, looks great and is better than Microsoft.
17mb for a browser? Will change my previous rating!the size doesn't matter to me now!its the fastest browser i've had!nice work!
Excellent
Mantaaaap
Great app
It works superb lik in pc.... I like dis app
The latest version is super fast and looks great. Works a treat.
Niceeee love it
Love it. It's everything I wanted, needed and then some.
What a great app
Smooth scrolling and fast, flash support is good too. Still I'd like an option to completely disable the history, or automatically clean it after each exit.
I downloaded the beta a while ago and it worked great. And this is no less. The only thing that needs to be added is the copy text capability. Other than that it's great. For those who want to work in desktop mode download the phony addon.
I downloaded the beta a while ago and it worked great. And this is no less. The only thing that needs to be added is the copy text capability. Other than that it's great. For those who want to work in desktop mode download the phony addon.
recent changes make it look nice but so many bugs and issues that make it unpleasant to browse on.
Could be faster
I have to say I'm impressed the browser is very good. It's fast, fluid, starts up quickly and flash support is great. Good job Mozilla
works great on my thunderbolt
Nice
Very convince!
I love having the trusty adblock extension, but lack of Flash support really kills this browser on Android. 5 stars when flash is supported.
Best browser
Tek eksigi flash destegi yok bunun disinda gercekten herseyiyle mukemmel....
Istediginiz herseye bir barnah hareketiyle ulasabiliyosunuz....
Tek eksigi flash destegi yok bunun disinda gercekten herseyiyle mukemmel....
Istediginiz herseye bir barnah hareketiyle ulasabiliyosunuz....
Good one as always
It ok.
Excellent
this browser used to dominate my phone, now after the recent update it's almost inoperable....bring back haptic feedback! I'm tired of having to delete half a sentence, or sometimes even an entire sentence just to fix ONE misspelled word -_-
Despite lacks many popular features, it's still one of the fastest browser out there
Nice i like
Weak shid forreal hoe
Thanks!
Gzgn
Nice
it works more smooth than Chrome. Please continue improving,  the more good browsers the better.
Good browser!!
For those of you complaining about user agents, install the phony addon. It let's you choose your user agent. Fast, flashy, great job mozilla.
Good
Much better.
No more changing user agent?  Lame. I'm going back to Dolphin HD
Very good
Fast and stabile.
Blocks my android 3.3. Note
Why is the Google mobile site not the fully featured one?
Excellent
Excellent
Best browser of all
No compatibility fixes.
I feel this version is better  Thank you
Iam using it for one month and its so faster then any other browser
:D
The internet browsing experience provided by firefox has increased dramatically in the last several updates. Performance is on par with the built in browser and chrome. Flash support could be improved.
Love fire foxy @ home let's she how he runs here ... so LET HIM GO!!!!!
Its a very good app for browsing and anythng....
Liking to use firefox on android...
My mom had this for her cpu and it went faster than Google
Way to go, Mozilla! It's the best browser for my Samsung Galaxy S3.
Notches be tripping
5+
One of the good brower available in android market.
Wird schön langsam richtig gut
Absolutely love it !
Ive been waiting for this for a long time. Thank you
I prefer used mozilla than chrome (even chrome is android-original) but I tried many times and checking the setting but still i can't download music files when I used chrome. Mozilla is my choice because it realize all the function that I want in my browser. This is what's all about.
I hated Firefox for android until they redesigned it now its my daily user.
This is a nice bana.....eko mazuri saNa
2 things: -private browsing -improve UI. Look at how Chrome manages tabs. Make it more like that.
Very buggy, java Alps like Facebook games have issues scrolling. Have to reload constantly
Fast and stable (finally)
Must have app for sony live with walkman users..much faster than chrome and even occupies less space with the option of move to sd card.
CHALA BAAUNTUNDI
Very good, simple and smooth
Not compatible
Nicely suits on Sony .......
Great set of features, lots of nice addons and desktop sync works well. New version for ICS loads super fast on my Jelly Bean phone.
Obviously you haters have a different phone with a different operating system this app wouldn't be compatable with yours its meant for droid...haha know one reads the description?..it runs fine on my droid x3
Greatness!
Love this
What a difference in speed and utility compared to Dolphin browser!
All STFU! Firefox is best browser anyway!
Would be a good browser if it didn't crash so much. With an average of every 5 minutes between crashes its useless! Not worth 1 star!!!
Verry nice
Finally a version worth it! Love it so far.
*****
很快ok
This browser is far superior to the standard Android browser. So much faster and loads pages like they should appear.
No flash, long startup, fewer options than competitors. A good start, needs improvements.
Good.
It was great experience again on Android. I use Mozilla since 2005 and every time it comes with someything new. I suggest u to use Mozilla Firefox for amazing experience on web.
Fast, flexible, awesome.
hdcyk
Right now, I cant seem to update as GooglePlay tells me that "This item is not compatible with ALL your devices." Thankfully, there is Chrome.
I want to use Firefox but no desktop mode means uninstall.  Desktop mode is standard in every browser hope you fix useless till then
perfect...
perfect...
Hah. Who cares if this app doesn't do what you want it to do, it's still better than Microsoft Internet Explorer and Apple Safari.  1. It's freeware and open source, except the name and logo  2. It's faster  3. It crashes less  4. It has a better design
No cursor marker when editing text in a field, ex. The Google search page.
HORRIBLE
It's work excelent in my note after upgreding to ICS. Its good app for brows.
Thanks
Nifty
Great getting it for my phone as well! Some people complain that there is no flash for Firefox: well, Flash is made by Adobe so download Flash from Google Play and it of course works in Firefox.
Frinds use this....
Great
I just love mozilla
IT'S GREAT COMPARE TO ALL OTHER BROWSER LIKE CHROM FLASH NOT WORKING  DEFAULT BROWSER REGIONAL LANGUAGE FONT NOT WORKING .IT'S HAS ALL THE FUNCTION IN ONE .AN OTHER FUNCTION IS TAP TO PLAY FLASH ADD IS VERY GOOD ,so that unwanted ads not coming automatically in front you and you get faster browse in 2G.sync function is good.overall its full fill all requirement in a perfect browser
Good
Love the idea. It's a little new, so it will have some bugs, but I still can't wait to try it.
This is so fast and good i lyk it v much
Love being able to sync with my pc
The speed with which this browser is improving on mobile is unparalleled. Latest preview versions are smoother than Chrome. Excellent work!
Finally the coolest browser is here.  I love you firefox.
nice and powerful
Fastest browser i hv ever seen but slow application start :(
Awesome
Works good for me dont have  problems
Fastest browser, support flash!!!
I give it five because I use it on my MAC as well. And Theyres nothing better! It always delivers !
Great on my sk4g
Firefox is power of freedom!
Adblock and flash works like a charm. Hungry for RAM and not polished design, but as old opera user, I think its really worth to switch.
Really good browser and keeps getting better with each update
All of the best web browser of the word
I have been a firefox fan for over 8 yrs. This program never goes wrong
Runs flash on mine. Great browser.
but thats because i only use it to view svg images which is awesome
Compared to others, this is super fast on my droid 2.  Maybe I will change when using it long term, but so far...great!
Was looking to replace the factory browser on my Samsung Galaxy Player and came across the newly improved Mozilla. I figured I'd give it a try, nothing to lose but a few wasted minutes. I fell in love! The browser runs smoothly even when I have more then one tab or window open - this is on a device with less than 512mb of ram. Definitely recommend it to those looking for a change.
Now it has improved a lot on this last update
Its the best android browser...
Great browser
Aftr de latest update...it has got stable n awesome!
Nothing short of pure awesomeness. Well done Mozilla. Keep it coming.
I'm a happy web crawler.
Best of browser in android best best best!!
5 star
Firefox leaves all the other browsers behind. Chrome is the only other one in the same league the rest are in the minors.
Good
Snabb, snygg osv. :) Synd bara att jag använder chrome på datorn, syncar inte lika bra.
I've tried a while bunch of browsers (Skyfire, Dolphin etc.) And this is by far the best. It's fast, easy to navigate and intuitive.  It's the best by far.  Galaxy Note.
I've tried out many browsers (chrome, dolphin, opera, boat, skyfire, etc. ) and all of them were choppy when scrolling pages and chokes when playing flash content. Firefox is the only one that's smooth and fluid even while playing flash. Definitely the best browser. HTC one V.
Good for download.. 5 stars..!!
Wonderful
Better than default like the look! I'm a Huge firefox fan on my desktop too.. so far no errors
Fastest browser on Android. At last, from Mozilla.
Sync of passwords in a safe manner is fantastic!
Cool browser.
Sooo much better!
Great app. The best browser on Android
This is best browser for androide
Love this browser!!!
Nyc app
Huge improvement over the stock Gingerbread browser.  Fast, slick, and looks good.
Just an amazing web experience everywhere we go.
It is way faster than the stock browser and it has a simple and easy to use layout, unless you're a simpleton.
It works really nice. Thanks for a great browser
Thx for your update   Its very good to keep us up to date
I think its good. but need more upgrade feature to be perfect
What's with the hate? The browser is so smooth. It rivals iOS Safari in terms of smoothness. Certainly needs to work on a few features as well.
Great
Much better than anything i have try love.galaxy note.
Great search engine
god
A complete browser for my phone!  Take that, windows phone :-P
Love it 5 $tars
User loves this...but I like older versions
It's My default browser now.. Faster then other..
So far so good
Snappy on my single core, good tab management
I like, Thi is browser
Android version is just as good as the desktop version.  Love it, its my de facto browser.
Just excellent!
I realy like using this web brose
Has been vastly improved and is now a decent browser!
unlike d firefox for pc, its mobile version is much faster than other browsers.
Linked with home stunning web experiance
wow ...what a smooth scrolling.. browsing is a breeze now!
Awesome great app   M
Faster browsing.... Like it,...
Very nice browser, I hope the search in page tool available soon. The sync works great so far. Thanks for this great free browser. Ill start using this as my main browser to be able to compare. Thanks
Faster than all the others, nice ui, syncing with the computer.
i have tried many browsers, but firefox has proved that it is the best.
Much better than the crappy android browser
So much better now. Dolphin is still my default browser though.
New version is good. But fast than older one.
One of the reasons I moved from ios was because the browser was garbage. Firefox mobile is awesome and sync works great!!
With flash its great. Just wish we could chose desktop web by default.
Fast, safe & secure. Always use it as internet is often too slow
Working good as opera
nice
Terrible browser. No flash support. Checkerboard pattern on zoom...uninstalling...
Works like a charm on xperia arc s
Luv it
Luv it
No complaints so far. Matches up well with other mobile browsers I've used.
Vastly improved. A must for the Android users!
The best
Good
Quick, easy and responsive!!
Awesome very user friendly
It was fast and reliable and let me download alota more stuff
Doesnt work on droid razor maxx
Uber fast on my samsung g2 epic. So much faster then others.i only care about speed.really fast if thats what you want
Liked it more than Chrome in my Nexus.
goods apps very much i likes very
firefox, now its very nice...
Fs
Latest update has transformed this browser from average to one of the best on the market. Great work Mozilla!
Finally updates installed correctly
It runs smooth on the galaxy 2 , the only problem i had was that it sometimes struggled to open links. Other than that it works great
Very nice
Nice appart from crash on gmail archive every time
Awesome app.Much better than Chrome..Love this apps..
The nem UI is just awesome. Fast and usable
The nem UI is just awesome. Fast and usable
Thanks
It's says flash support but doesn't seem to work on Sensation XE .. also there is no way take make it open in desktop view :(
Yaya
Way better than MSN
Improved a lot...but need private browsing option..speed is good...no lags...best option sync...and main thing we need settings to turn off vibration..please do that.
Lffhfhgehgtfgshgdfgffdfge
Starts up fast and it's fast... Syncs to desktop browser what more could I want, Galaxy Note
Bjvvh
Quite good on my galaxy s iii, love the fullscreen addon
Its a cool app try it its really faster
Cool
Good product
This app rocks
As in pc so in mobile....great work Mozilla
Its great
Best
I've had Dolphin for a couple of years. Opera here and there. So far this is the simplest and sleekest of them all.
It views web sites fine, but missing all the bells and whistles. Can't change the home page, or copy text from a page. Switching back to Dolphin.
It is good browser for downloading
I like it
It doesn't even seem like the same Firefox as the version before it. It's much faster overall and more stable than before. It's on par with Dolphin. Firefox sync seems to have trouble "sticking" though.
So fast and smooth but lost so many ram and not support adobe air to slide pic in some website . Thanks for Mozila.
The new update has made it a great browser option
Great browser vs chrome. But I just like chrome overall experience better.
Like
Better than Chrome and Opera - Faster and much better UI
awesome
The best browser for Android imho. And a browser from a non-profit organisation that cares first and foremost about privacy, security, usability.
V  ery coool
Works flawlessly
On the word
My rating is highly influenced by the awesome sync functionality as the desktop version has.  Other features are actually poor.
I love this browser
Great job mozilla.
Can't wait to see the next update
Can't wait to see the next update
Got to say. The aurora build of the next and improved firefox is amazing. Soon this will be added to beta for tablets!
This update absolutely renewed my love for Firefox...way to finally get it right! Great job on the new interface and pretty much, complete overhaul.   Well worth the effort and a job well done guys!
I want to set a start page as the awesome page isn't. Now it crashes all the time. Dolphin again?
I want to set a start page as the awesome page isn't. Now it crashes all the time. Dolphin again?
I love it .its better then anything i have used .
cool                                                                                          ?
Installed to get to gmail, add the phony plugin and you get the desktop site all the time. Works like a charm, and adblock too!
Really an awesome browser  fucked my phone to the core. Now the phone doesn't even start up.. It's lying dead in the aquarium !
It is perfect for me
Excellent on the pc, great on Android
Amazing, new build is fast on startup, loading, and never crashes like the old pathetic version, Thank you Mozilla for finally making me proud to recommend Firefox on Android!
Amazing, new build is fast on startup, loading, and never crashes like the old pathetic version, Thank you Mozilla for finally making me proud to recommend Firefox on Android!
The new update is awesome! The old one was glitchy, prone to crashing and consumed a lot of RAM. This version has fixed all those bugs as well as looking sleeker!
Very fast. Nice UI.
Fast
This is fast, reliable and I think they've finally found a good UI! Love the sync feature!
Thank you so much! I have hated not having firefox on my phone to browse the web. You guys are awesome
Awesome!
Lo estaba esperando desde hace mucho. Y con soporte Flash y todo. Una maravilla.
Oh my god! i tried all the browser but this is soooo much better! Did Firefox juz made an improvement?
Goof
Fast and efficient
Give me a job!
I've always liked Firefox. I haven't had a problem on my phone. But on my laptop it crashes sometimes
It's awesome . Let me install adblock so i can browse without any ads popping up. I love this app
Way better than chrome. I love Firefox
Great browser.
I have only used the latest version a couple of times.  It certainly no longer stinks.
Yep, Firefox is outperforming Chrome. Never crashes on me, supports Adblock Plus, and very smooth UI. Doesn't natively support Desktop mode, but luckily there's an add on (Phony) for that.
Best browser for Android!
So much faster than Dolphin Browser and the stock Samsung browser. Love the way it enlarges text and displays larger wepages. The way it manages tabs is very smooth too. The only complaint I have is that it is a relatively large app. Something closer to 6 or 7 mb would be much better. Great work Mozilla!
Major improvement over previous versions. Plus Firefox sync is awesome. It is now set to my default browser.
Best browser ever I love it Mike t.
Love
I Love How You Can Open Separate Tabs... And How You Scroll
Works better on 3g than the android browser
Best in the android:-D
Great Grand
i love that firefox on your phone is just like firefox on your normal computer thats awesome!!
Vastly superior to Android Firefox versions before it. It is fast and simple to operate. Slowly becoming my preferred browser instead of Chrome.
We all now FIREFOX - no need to write comments except "thanx for being in Android"
I tried to use chrome to sync my bookmarks between mobile snd desktop. In the process I lost most of my bookmarks, with firefox it works just great. The only downfall is the initial setup, but once you set it up, you good to go!
Used to use dolphin browser but gonna change to this now cos it loads so fast and is really smooth.
Device not supported after update please add support
Like it
Best browser on pc now better than ever on mobile :)
Great app - and the sync feature works very well with FF desktop.
Five stars when they add flash support. I love bring able to sync with my desktop PC.
You know guys this very awesome browser
Ace
My ask time favorite browser., May it be desktop or mobile
After trying up to 6 different Android Browsers FF is the best I've seen it gets a 5 because it's FAST even on a slow 2g network and couldn't care about the rest I just want to get things done fast!!!
does exactly what it says, cant fault it
The new version of this app is much better, they improved many aspects of the browsing experience.
Best browser ever, thanks!!
The Update has been a good one.. Now that the user interface looks sleek and different and the browser response is also quicker than the old version .. I don't see any issues .. so I will go with a fiver
Normal browser, with flash support. With the best interface. Its design is much better than other browsers' one.
I am really impressed by the latest version. It is fast. It renders large web pages on a small screen very well.
Excellent
This new version is awesome!
As always Mozilla provides another great browsing experience...  thank you so much.
My default browser  from now on
Using and loving on a Galaxy SII
I am a huge fan of Firefox ever since I was a kid. They continue to keep their legacy in Android too now. It is fast, sleek and aptly customizable, as always.
Very snappy.  :D
Seriously. This stuff is amazing. Thank you Firefox devs for being epic.
loving the new version of firefox
Very fast
Very pleased
Still a little rough around the edges, but you're going the right direction, Mozilla! :)
Firefox became serious with latest release, interface looks much better. Now I use it as my primary mobile browser (thanks to sync feature!)
this is the snappiest browser I've used on Android :)
The internet goes faster in this app than my phone's provider! Great job (:
Firefox is now my favorite  on Android
It mostly refuses to load pages (times out connection) on my G S3. :( FF has always been my favorite browser, but right now, it's impossible to use on my phone... :(  Samsung Galaxy S3, Android Ice Cream Sandwich.
Love how it syncs with my desktop and work computers.
But good already some little bug but web site are quick and display better than on the original browser
Thanks to this non-profit for fighting for an Open Web.
This is very good compared to the default browser. This is a must download!
Best browser for me so far. After typing web address, it opens so fast!! Perfect!
good job :)
Awesome
Ok this is faster then a bolt of lightning, even with sprints crap service in the deserts of Cali. Firefox if you were a female, this is the time I'd ask you to marry me, and download some children for us.... I love you firefox!
Awesome
This website Service is really good
On desktop its a killer, here not so much due to lack of options, irrationalities. My personal view: I liked tab bar before, was sleeker. Whole Firefox for Android could be sleeker. But still sync is the best, speed is the best, no lag, perfect, you could improve loading of pages though. but I like unity in my devices.go rock more Firefox!
nt
Great browser, glad they made it for mobile. Best features are the tabbed browsing and the sync with my desktop Firefox favorites etc
It is fast, but it crashes sometimes and my tablet freezes.
Best browser on Android!!
Not loading web pages!! Please fix!!
Cool
The good work Mozilla
it seems to b a lot faster.  i have never had an issue with this app and i can get things done a lot quicker.
I didn't expect such an improvement in loading speeds. Knocks the stock browser and dolphin out of the park.
am impressed with the performance. still use is at as m default browser just as i do on the computer. still feels the same as my desktop version. FIREFOX FOR LIFE.
:-)
For a browser that is for phones only it works very very well on my Asus prime
Very fast with no lag. Sony Xperia U.
awesome browser, integrates perfectly with my desktop browser thanks to sync
One word : GREAT
Lädt lange, ist unzuverlässig, nur Seite als pdf zu speichern ist top. Dolphin ist besser.
Please add the abilty to see pages as desktop.  This never crashes on htc sensation. I love it because it loads all plages and mostly does not freeze. Please keep it this good.
Far better than stock browser and chrome on my Desire HD.Excellent job!!!
I Like the new look and the ease of browsing.
doing well
Just1
Fast, flexible, and chock full of features.  Definitely one of the best browser apps out there.
2Long2Download
I think that this app is really great..but I think it'll be greater if features like default desktop view or video download can be implemented.. That'll be super cool
5 Stars ..you guys made it happen ...NOAA radars can be used as a benchmark...way to go dudes .
Thank you for finally creating a decent browser for cell phones.  I can finally replaced stock browser on my phone. Finally, It is smooth, easy to use and fast.  Five stars for you.
Starts quickly..amazing
Using it on my sony xperia S. It feels very smooth. Syncing is a useful function.
Excellent app
Hangs frequently, but still a fast browser overall.
Just as great as the computer one!
The design of the browser application has to improve so that it is easier to access content.
Needs lot of improvements
Can't select taxt...
Best looking fire fox browser yet with added plug in to allow for full web page viewing. Mozillia has knocked it out of the park again  -Galaxy nexus
Well from a technical perspective it's sad to see that XUL never really worked on Android after a lot of time and effort to make is faster.   Mozilla has always been an open source company to not let ideology get in the way of usability and performance.  It's now at a point where on my Gingerbread devices I have Firefox installed over the stock browser, hopefully in the next couple of versions Firefox will be my browser of choice even if I'm running ICS or JB!
Very fasf
Its simply stunning
Nice app
App is great! :D
This browser works great on S gt p1000, including flash, but market says that its not supported on my tab: please enable market link. Thanks. (I'm currently using apk from your server)
Lg spectrum stock Verizon load, hangs at least once a day. Not ready for prime time.  Way too buggy.
Firefox is great. Its the best browser on any platform. Mozilla is a company that has great ideals, goals, ethics, standards, and leadership. It has found a way to attract developers that love what they're doing. This passion surrounding Mozilla's creations is what has driven all of their products to setting standards for other companies to attempt. Bravo, and thanks to all of you.
Great engine
Firefox is always awesome.
The differences between the betas and this are above imagination
It iz ze ubermezge!
Faster and more fluid then previous versions
Not a single problem and way better than basic browser. My favorite part is the ability to habe multiple tabs.
I love this app way to go guys Yea
I use firefox and opera also, firefox is great
Goood Galaxy S2
A few weeks ago, I finally broke down and got a Samsung Galaxy SIII and the first thing I did was install Firefox for Android. I'm a huge Firefox for Desktop fan and wanted to see if this could ease the pain of Internet browsing on Android. I was delighted! I love the tab feature, the page scrolling is smooth, and the start up time is Fast!  I definitely recommend it. Very intuitive and very fast.
Just like firefox for desktops..way too big for their britches and twice as buggy...back to dolphin browser.
More fastr then opera
Finally I can sync my desktop bookmarks and history to my phone and have everything I need in one place. Love using Firefox every day and supporting the open web!
Finally I can sync my desktop bookmarks and history to my phone and have everything I need in one place. Love using Firefox every day and supporting the open web!
Love it
Installed without high hopes but it's so good I never open dolphin any more
Great
Good
Good
The Mozilla team know what they're doing. Very easy to use, good features, it leaves my phone's  browser in the dust!
Worked alright in the previous update, now it easily crashes.
The new version is the best Android browser, hands down. It is even better if Firefox is your main PC browser, because Sync is a great feature of Firefox on Android. If you were disappointed in previous versions, give it a try again!
I have it on my computer, I was excited to find it for android also. Awesome app!!!
The most recent update is an excellent piece of work. Congratulations to all involved, you should be very, very proud of what you have achieved here. Thank you for this.
Fast browser :-)
This version of firefox is very good. Fast and no freezes. I like the new interface. Its very user friendly and switching b/w jobs is effort less. Good job... keep it going...
Liked it too much... Obviously my default browser
I love firefox
Love it!
Everything is so much faster and easier to use. A worthy upgrade from the stock browser and significantly more useful.
Totally awesome! Was about to terminate this browser, but after this update It's back in da game again.
Works on my Bionic again. Now my default browser!
good
Lazat
perfect
Its amazing
'nough said
Great app.
Great app on any OS. Sync with other devices works great
Awesome.  HTC Rezound.
Great change of look. Each border smother that ever! Very good performance and great graphics
I personally can't fault it. I love it.
Some forms/pages aren't rendered correctly, clicking links seems unintuitive most times (delayed response will make you re-press more than once), but the performance is much improved. Headed in the right direction at least.
Love Firefox!
Best browser ever
People need to understand that this is new, there are going to be glitches... Just quit bitching and wait for it to be fixed in the next update. Every phone is different, so there may be problems with your specific phone on the app, so why don't you give them the feedback that they need to know in order to fix it, like what happened, your phone model, software number and what you were running on the background.
Good....Excellent ....app.
much better than the android browser
I loved it:-S
Really snappy, and the interface is clean and easy to use. Using the built-in browser is just painful now.
Yep
Gggggg gg ggggg g gg g ggggg gggg gggg? Ggg ggg gg ggg!!!
Fast and stablw.
Works pretty fast, but I need that option...
Five star flash finally ics sg2 plus sync with desktop loving the new look too
So much faster than my phones native browser. Viva Firefox
Good
Super
Super
Ckoo
gud
Slow and unresponsive on sgs2 on Ics.
Slow and unresponsive on sgs2 on Ics.
nice
Works great!!!
good forms of updating proccess...
Awesome web browser, works fantastic and is very fast
And pretty
Firefox on my Android is great! No issues so far and it makes surfing the internet easier than using the built in browser.
The fastest browser on android so far, excellent work mozilla.
Love this app
Fast, much improved
Simple, flexible and fast
Being new to Android, Firefox has been a dream to use as a mobile browser
YES YES YES
Totally awesome for the Razr Maxx.
Ok good
I need a new web browser and this just perfect
I like mff. But when I try to update it shows package invalid file.....also it consumes a lot ram :(
Amazing
Amazing
Great job! Thanks.
Excellent
WwwwwwwwwOooowwww
Awesome browser for mobile devices. Very good use of spaces to access to functionalities
The newest version is so fast and easy to use. I miss the features from the old one but I really like better now.
This release redefines Firefox again. Feature integration and improved speed makes this overhaul on par with the release of 4.0 on desktop.
Probably the greatest browser on Android. The nightly versions are even better!
thanks for the update ^^
I love the updated version on my galaxy s3, but really really wish there was a version for my Asus transformer prime... I know you guys will come through eventually
Its pretty fast, its definitely not as bad as everyone says it is.
I love firefox and the fact i can now get it on my phone, but for some reason i can view flash videos using it like on youtube?? Why not!!
bla bla bla, its ok and simple
I cannot live workout Firefox on the desktop, but previous version for Android was just too slow. The new release is just perfect (maybe add some little animations? )
This browser has come a long ways. It is overall very fun and easy to use. I have used Opera and in my opinion this browser is much more reliable and much cleaner. I also use FireFox on my Desktop computer and I LOVE the sync feature. I can import all of my bookmarks with ease. FireFox has also implemented "add-ons" which greatly enhance the overall browsing experience (I recommend installing Ad-Block). One thing that this browser still needs is the ability to select text. Should come next patch.
Glad to have this on mobile to sync with my PC
I was a big fan of Firefox mobile before the latest overhaul. The main beef with this one is that it just doesn't feel like an Android app. It's an iOS app. On top of the awful flexible scroll, even scrolling itself feels different than in any other app. It just makes the experience really horrid. There are reasons for those native app guidelines...  So I'm waiting for the next overhaul or Firefox Home style approach like on iOS.
Excellent
I used opera mini since I have a smartphone, but this version of Firefox made me switch. It starts extremely quick, loads pages fast and doesn't have all the little ticks opera has.
Its awesome friends just download an check it out
Cool
FOR LIFE!!!
Faster and better than ever
One of the many things I like is that I can use the Adblock Plus add on, just like on my desktop!!
Very fast and safe i find great
Fun
Gooodddd
Works, as it should.
The best and fastest browser i had among all the browser...tq..tq
This reminds me of school. Good memories.
Finally a browser that can play embedded flash videos on ICS. Having add block plus as a plugin is also really nice!
Solid on my G2. This browser is fast, and I like the new layout so far. The recent update yields a browser that is not yet complete, but has all the basics with the addition of many compatible desktop plugins. The duckduckgo search is a big plus! Text search, copy/paste and better text wrap would be next on my list.
My favorite mobile and desktop browser.
Much faster and usable now.
Good
I like it;It finally allows flash player to work
Firefox is now really smooth and usable, the only problem that may keep me from switching it to my default is quick launch buttons in ics browser plus
Nice update
I am a Chrome fan and only downloaded FF out of curiosity. I might now have to reconsider - this is faster than FF (or even Chrome) for the Desktop!! Wow!
Have tried most android web browsers none as reliable as the fox
Now that it's updated it's the Firefox we know and love.
liviano, rapido accesible y seguro
Great
Getting use to it, but loving it just the same!
The best
Large improvement, its now my main browser. Running in CM7.2 on HTC Inspire 4G. But the new version is not compatible with my tablet???
Fast, easy & secure.
Not as good as the computer ui
Works perfectly
I lurve it uhh
I love this, I use it on my laptop as well.
good w/ flash now..
I couldn't ask  for a better.browser Firefox has been the most reliable out of all browsers I have tried
Yes, it lacks MANY features present on many other browsers but loads lighting fast, my new default browser on my Xperia Play. :)
As a Dolphin HD user I find the change refreshing. The initial sharpening of text as it loads was a bit jarring for a start. But I'm used to it now and enjoy the smooth look to pages and improved response. As a browsing tool its excellent.
Update works great, love the new tabs!
Hiiii
I never review but this update has made my phone so much more valuable. The flash update was fantastic and the new gui is brilliant.  Thank you firefox!
Wow, nothing like the app on my pc.  Get your act together this thing blows.
While Google has been off making Chrome for Ice Cream Sandwich and Jelly Bean, Mozilla has made a modern browser for the majority of users with Gingerbread, Froyo, and Honeycomb, too.
I have had pictures off from previous version but cannot restore it in the new one.  There is no option to turn on or off pictures.  Can u bring it back?  I really need to switch between both.
Excellent ..... But cant get desktop sites on it... Like facebook
I always used Firefox, but now it finally supports flash. I can watch all my watch shows now.
Great software.
New updates are amazing! Way to go, Mozilla.
Great software.
It's faster than opera and dolphin HD and smooth.  Fire fox for life
Why theres no settinto make desktop page,when i go to facebook its always phone page
Rendering and scroll performance more or less on par with the best.  Good scroll bounce implementation (although pretty much copied from iOS).
I use this also on my laptop helps out a lot to screen out what I don't want
I use this also on my laptop helps out a lot to screen out what I don't want
Realy  it is best application everybody finds good
Good job, thanks!
Good but I wish Google chrome was on here
I use this browser on all my computers. I have found it to be very fast on them all. This is so much better than other browsers on my comps and now on my phone.  I'm very pleased with it. Thank you  for the great work devs.   :o)
the best browser i have ever use
It loads and displays pages really fast and even better after adding the AdBlock Plus add-on to get rid of ads. It's great!
It loads and displays pages really fast and even better after adding the AdBlock Plus add-on to get rid of ads. It's great!
Awsome
Looks really cool after update, appreciate that! Really stable n fast.  Best browser. Keep it up!
Awesome
I just got my new favorite browser...
Best app
The best brower ever... And its free!
Nicer looking and better than the atrix default browser.
Used to use Opera, as my default, but with this update, FireFox is my choice. It's just a nice clean looking browser.
Finally it has come to the level of its PC version.Sure it was crap, but now it beats every browser available for android.
Best android browser.
Incredibly slow. Not worth the time to download.
What i expected.
Great browser! Samsung Stratosphere.
Firefox Sync is fantastic. Scrolling seems more responsive than the stock browser. Worth giving a try if your phone can run it.
V14:  Renders pages faster.  Uses considerably less battery.  Can't autoload homepage anymore.  Hate the new landing page; There should be an option to disable it.   Needed a fresh install to make everything work right- Upgrade from ver. 10 made bookmarks very laggy. V10: Works adequately.  No showstopper bugs.  Thank gosh for AdBlock plugin, too.  Really speeds up browsing. (Int'l Note with ICS)
Unlike the Beta's, this version is very fast. My biggest gripe before was the long start up time, but that has been completely nullified. It's interface looks pretty and is nice to use too.  I have one grip: Downloads no longer show percentage or a progress bar in the notification pulldown, and don't show up at all in the downloads list of FF until it is done downloading. I'd really like to be able to see those things. The older (worse) version had that all.
Smooth and fast
Best browser out
This is so much faster than my stock browser :)
Well its laggy
Simply put, Firefox is one of the best browsers l've used in the past months! Great job Mozilla, you earned five stars from me!
As a Fx user on desktop, I'm really glad to get the familiar friendly experience.  Definitely a big improvement over the older version. And it's seriously fast.
GREAT! A lot better than it used to be. It really is the best proxyless browser on Android. Good stuff. Keep it coming Mozilla!
This new version is really smooth. Than you
So much better now with latest upgrade, excellent tabs, sync is quick and MOST importantly FLASH now works! Well done!
I do not write many reviews but I feel compelled to do in this case because of how well Firefox works for me.  The syncing is perfect and does a better job than I originally expected. Most browsers only give you basic synchronization, but firefox gives you the whole package. Passwords, open tabs, bookmarks, everything! Encrypted at the client, not at the server.  Nicely done, Mozilla!
Now comes packed with flash but still lacks youtube support for some reason. Above all, good browser and will get better in the future.
Fast
AWESOME
AWESOME
Not happy with the latest update.  My Work webmail doesn't work at all with this update.  No cut/paste.  Topsite page is dumb and can't turn it off.  Very fast though.
Finally a comptetive browser!
Killer
Sometimes when I swipe up or down a page Firefox jumps to the bottom or the top. Motorola xprt
For a new app this is a very good beginning. Im waiting for new option to see if the browser dont slow down. A good option is to be able to change how the site see the browser (phone or desktop browser). I hate when facebook give me their phone version.
Faster, safer, more secure then internet explorer, no phone should be without FireFox internet browser. It's what smart people do with their smartphones.
What an improvement!  Much faster, better layout, and did I mention faster. Great work. This is what I expected when I sought out Firefox for my phone.
The new Firefox is remarkable. I will use this form now on.
Good
It's fast! It's awesome! It has  flash!!!
I love it :)
I love it
I love it
After the update, this browser is a winner! 5 stars!
More user friendly! Thanks!
Exiting browser causes GO Launcher to crash on Droid X.
Hot digity dog. Flash is finally working in firefox mobile on my galaxy note!
Really fast easy browser!!
Latest update ruined it. Can't even click on links and buttons on a lot of sites.
Mode
I love the new fox, looks great, runs smooth
Good good good.....  Bagus bagus bagussss :)
La verdad me encanta firefox y lo llevó usando hace mucho tiempo y ahora que está para Android no podía evitar instalarlo y es rapidísimo, mucho más rápido que cualquier otro navegador que haya utilizado.
With version 10, the stability became very good and I said all they needed to do was improve the performance.  Well, they did it!  Performance is now great, making Firefox a great mobile browser.  I love the new Firefox!
متصفح سلس ورايق
Best performance I've found at the moment. As always... this could change.
Love it!!!!!!
Great job fixing the bugs, Mozilla! Now I love Firefox again!
Best browser for me
After the latest update I can't see myself using anything else!
Fast, responsive. Best mobile browser yet.
Its my default browser.  Very fast.  Stable.  Better than any other browser in the market right now.
Looks good
I've tried all the Android browser engines and Firefox is the one that feels the fastest and most responsive. Its simple UI just gets out of my way and lets me browse.
Since the last version (jun 2012) Firefox is faster, fash compatible and more comfortable. This is the REAL firefox.
Super fast!
Still not working ofter the update of 14.0v. Kindly change the version.
New update is excellent. You guys did it!!!"!
Very good, exactly what was expected
Force closed multiple times. Although it has bettered itself but needs to speed up dev as chrome came out of beta and dolphin is already a leader while opera rules on low end phones.
I have used almost all the browsers out their in the Android Market. I use xperia p. I no browser had given me smooth experience despite having a a dual core processor and Mali graphics. Fire fox made browsing a smooth experience. Even heavy websites are loading up fast and pinh zooming is at its best... NICE JOB MOZILLA.... U GUYS ROCK...
It is good for surfing
Super Like !!!!!!!!
Best browser on the phone.
New updates make it a contender
After the last update the browser has been phenomenal!
Having recently upgraded after using Android Firefox for the better part of two years, the latest version is a huge step forward and performs better than the stock Android browser.
What is a browser without flash on android these days?! No one can replace my firefox with addons on my desktop but in mobile/android world..  EDIT: after installing this new version... WOW ;-) Thats it. You are 99% there. Flash works beutifully, speed way faster then Stock browser, zooming top notch... Nice nice... ;-) ;-) 5*
Very good mobile browser for Android smart phones.
New update is really nice. I loved it..... Really best browser for android.
I just have to say, this is by far the best browser.
I don't know what they did in the last update, but everything is running much faster and smoother, now.
good application
As of FireFox v14, the browser has gotten very fast as opposed to the sluggish older versions. Great job FF devs!. Nexus S.
The latest version is a big improvement. It's quicker, tabs are better, it's lighter on resources and flash.
This update made firefox the best.
Since the update end of June 2012, it has been fast and efficient app. Thank you developer.
V14 - wow, what an update. First impressions are very good indeed. Gone from 3 to 5 stars for me.
thanks for bitmap font support .....
I've been using Firefox for ages on my desktop, which wasn't the case with android version, but with latest update this thing has got everything that average user needs. Excelent job and 5 stars for the FF team.
Sex
No problems at all for me :)
This application is a great browser and since the recent addition of flash support I'm changing my rating
The best
Very good much better than stock browser
Awsome update..feels much smoother than Chrome.. this is my new browser ;)
Cuz itzzz just awesome........
good
Trenutno najbolji browser za Xperiu Arc S na ICS 4.0.4
Poop
Nice!
Nowhere near enough add ons. Google search looks awful!
Works fine on my galaxy s3 ;-)
The latest update is just awesome. Great work done by the developers. Browsing is just as smooth as it can get.
Love the new version..
Fast, nice usability and reliable!
Allows you to install extensions (adblock, for example) which also helps with the speed.   This new version is no comparison with the previous one, it is now my default browser..
good app
Nice browser
Kudos for finally dropping XUL on mobile what a hug improvement. Best Browser on Android now!
This is lightning fast and amazing....
Is tooo good
Awesome
I use it on my desktop and now I use it on my mobile too. Love the sync feature, very easy to set up.
Love Firefox
Love being able to customize the browser. Keep up the awesome work.
What a update! Now it beats every browser,even chrome.It loads even complex pages in a flash. Well done Mozilla.
Mozilla has finally gotten it right! Fast browser, great interface and FLASH! My new favorite mobile browser without a doubt!
Have been using Firefox on my Galaxy S2 for a month or two now and was happy with it, but this most recent update has made it the best mobile browser hands down. Looks great and runs very smooth, and all text is easy to read.
I hav used firefox on lappy which offered me a great experiance....  Now iam using it on my  mobile phone and gave me  a wndrfl expnce . Thanks for makng this app. Everythg is wndrful but Plez mak browsing exprnce fast as opera brower.
itz good
Is not opening any website after the update. Hate to give rating so low just to get the developers attention
I like it
It's very ok.
Dagegen war die alte app scheisse! Update hat sich gelohnt.. Fluessig, schnell, leichte handhabung und bomben disign! Galaxy S2
While not as snappy on my mid-range phone, it renders some pages much better than other browsers.
This should be the default browser.
Great browser!
I unistalled Opera and now  Firefox is my default browser. Fast, beautiful and w ith the well-know and excellent extensios. I'm syncing with my Firefox desktop  :-) PS. Please, update all their extensions.
Opening page doesnt have any problem..
Its the best
Not supported galaxy tab 7.7 for new version
And that is.
Keep up the good work mozilla!
Not the best on droid, but great sync to pc functions
Great UI and scrolling improvements
It's better than previous version
Very nice interface upgrade. Much easier to navigate than previous versions! Looks really organized.
Good
Great browser, flash streams very smoothly on the S3. May use this over the stock browser.
In love with this.
Mozilla did great on this it is deffinatly replacing my stock browser
The new top dog android browser since update. Just a pain you can't change user agent as standard. The addon called phony does the job the.
greaat huge update I just love it , but I wish the adress bar was smaller so we had more room to browse , its great !
I'm really impressed...  Still thinking if I should take it as my main browser
Well done mozilla
It is very good.
Thanks for flash
Best browser available!
Lovely
Smooth, pretty, slick
I love it I use it on my pc too. I like it better than IE from mirosoft
Beautifull
Finally a good version for Android . Kudos Mozilla
This browser is excellent! Perfect for Android.
I just synced my bookmarks from my desktop.
Amazing update, way faster with a sleeker interface to boot. Good job!
Firefox works flawlessly on my myTouch 4G!
Trying it now..Love it!
This app is incompatible with your Samsung GT-P7500.
Mantap
Cool.
Up until this newest update, Firefox was extremely difficult to user because it was so slow. Now it's finally great enough to replace Dolphin :D
This new update is super fast and super good at rendering pages. Every website works!
It works well in my htc.... Love it......
Good !!!!!!
the best<3
Just because I love FF! UPDATE:- Love the new fox; but can't use search as it keeps givin me Google 502 error :(
Man, it used to be sloooow but not anymore
Unlimited tabs + awesome UI + HTML5 video + addons = the best android brower. Still a little rough around the edges, but the features can't beat.  Update(27 Jun 12): the new FF for Android is awesome, well polished and super fast. Thank you.
Because of the flash support
Good , keep up .
Fastest Brower right now
So far so good
Very good
Finally Adobe Flash support, a better interface, nice tab managing and even faster charging times. And I didn't experience a single crash until now, which is really great for Firefox Mobile.
I really like this new update...  It has made FF a real contender to the stock browser on Galaxy S3 :-D
Works great.
Version 14.0 is a vast improvement over all the previous versions I've tried. It has a nice interface, plenty of features, and is very fast. I have just replaced Dolphin HD with this as my default browser Great job Mozilla :)
Firefoxs is great I recommend it to everyone to give it a try...!!
The new update (Jun 26) is super awesome, as touted its fast compared to its previous versions, the UI is slick and cool, though i would miss the side pane option the look and feel are very good. The Radio button and Check box usually don't expand on double tap , but with updated version they re-size along with the page. Not able to use Flash is still a bummer. but with my limited data plan, i don't intend to use much flash content or website.
Now is better, very fast & flexible ... Thanks a lot
Much better, even the Samsung Swype problem has  been sorted! Puts chrome mobile to shame!
With the latest updates, this is now my favorite browser. Much improved from previous version.
JerzeeDevil Forums recommends Firefox.
Would have been 5 stars for my evo3d if flash was integrated. Will update once flash is usable. Rev: flash now working! 5star
Would have been 5 stars for my evo3d if flash was integrated. Will update once flash is usable. Rev: flash now working! 5star
By far the best mobile browser yet. I've tried nearly all of them from the app store, and this is the only browser that is fully featured and is BLAZING fast. Previous versions were a bit rough and had bugs, but Mozilla NAILED it with this release!
Great..i use it on my pc. Now i use it too on my Galaxy
Wow
I have used Boat, Chrome, Dolphin, Opera, SkyFire, Maxthon and X-Scope browsers and I have to say that after the latest update... I have no idea what anyone could be complaining about.  This browser is AWESOME and insanely fast compared to anything else I have used on my phone.  Flash works great, pages load super fast, everything works the way it should and the sync integration with my desktop computer was flawless.  It's the best browser on my phone, apparently your results my vary depending on your phone, ROM, etc.  But I am extremely satisfied.  Can't wait for the next update.
Much much better than before!!
i love firefox
Much better then the stock browser
New version is incredible!
It browes faster than usual!
Fast & Furious!
Finally, flash
it's fantastic, thank you ) pleased very mach
But if you can fix this one little issue the I'll be happy. Find out why SwiftKey doesn't work well with Firefox.
What else can I say?
Last time I used Firefox for android, it was laggy and unusable. I cannot say the same now...
Much better with version 14. Sync works great, browser loads fast. Finally ready to be a default browser.
It's awsom browser dude..
Allows me to veiw cites i cant on the other browser on my phone
Two thumbs up
Nuf said
I actually like this better than chrome beta
Better than chrome and dolphin.
I tried the previous version of Firefox.  It was a good start but I was very close to removing it, due to some rather pesky bugs.  Most notably, not being able to use the up, down, left, right arrows on my phone's keyboard.  The tabbed browsing UI left a great deal to bed desired as well.    Thankfully, I held off on uninstalling the app.  The latest upgrade fixed many of the problems.  My buttons work.  The tabbed browsing interface had a pretty significant overhaul.  This makes multi-tasking much easier.  There is a significant speed improvement in this version.  From my understanding the developers have decided to integrate the app with the android operating system.  Overall, I'm very pleased.
Only needs search word suggestion when writing on bar as google suggestion, by this option i think i will never need galaxy s3 browser, cus fireFox is pppppeeeerFFFFEECCTTT
The new look is just GGGGREATTTT!!!  Excellent for my xperia mini pro
Very fast
Works better than the stock browser. Swipe up and down smoothly. Gonna try for the flash features. Great app for my evo 3D
It has a nice design a lot of add-ons but the splash screen is loading bad....and when tou close the browser , it makes your icon disappear for a second..
Is good
Just ditched Opera after trying this. Startup is almost instant on my Sensation and pages load quick too.
Latest version is the best of the mobile browsers imo.
Fire fox always rocks.....
Love the update on my GS2 but when are we going to see a decent firefox on tablets.  TF Prime especially.
I am a fan of ff for years now, bit the mobile app was crap. I finally see that this version seems responsive, quick, clean and actually working... Cheers
Wow! Faster than dolphin. U can feel it...
No comment... Just keep on...
Firefox is usable again, yay! Good job, guys!
With the recently added Flash support, I don't need to keep switching between browsers for flash content pages. Everything else is easy and quicker to use.
After much of development it is now the fastest browser for Android. Great App.
I could not change the url search to google and it goes to the horrible time Warner cable search engine . Double tap to zoom wasn't great. The speed was on par with dolphin hd but to be fair I did not do anything heavy. I did like the flash plugin better than dolphin. For now its not my defalt browser
Load times and the UI are above standard, I love this browser.
G.
Fast startup, fast rendering and slick interface. I love it!
Very useful
+1 I love flash, I love syncing, I love the speed. The text displays a little funny but I can live with that. Also, please enable copy and pasting. Goodbye chrome for Pc+android. Google I hope you're reading this, please enable flash.
This new build is super fast and smooth
Finally a browser from Mozilla that works as a day to day browser. This is such a big change from previous versions it is unbelievable. Easily the fastest android browser today. Please support Firefox to help keep the net neutral.
Awsomeeee
It's really slow, buggy and fonts look terrible. Pretty much any other browser on Android is better.
Ff is absolut slow when i Start the app on secound Day....
The best browser I could find. The double-tap function is particularly effective at restructuring the page correctly, and having my bookmarks and credentials synchronized with my several desktop instances saves me a lot of time.
I always said if you add flash you'll be the best.
I always said if you add flash you'll be the best.
Really good after update!
I've always loved firefox, so I was excited when I saw it for Android.  However, much like its desktop counterpart, it is an enormous memory hog.  It force closes my launcher just to open one tab.  That being said, it's very fast, stable and easy to use.  I just want an update that doesn't force close EVERYTHING just to run.
Awesome update
The best web browser ever! Nothing else! 5 stars!
I really like the latest version of this app.  It has a much sleeker interface and a more useful start page.  I like that I can sync all of my bookmarks and history with my laptop so I can find things that I was looking at earlier no matter what device I'm on currently.  I also love that I can use the AdBlocker Plus add-in, which is one of my favorites from the desktop version.  One of my biggest complaints in the last version was that I couldn't get Google search results to show the mobile version of the page, but that seems to be fixed now.  Keep up the great work, Mozilla!!
This is a 100% improvement over the beta. It's super fast and way better than any other browser I've used lately! Good job!
I love the changes!
This update today is the 1st time I have like app since out of beta. Worth another look
Very fast and videos look sharp and clear on my Evo 4G LTE
The amount of complete idiots on the internet today is truly frightening. Type "about:config" into the browser and configure it any way you like. Better yet, compile your own browser and stop bitching. God forbid anyone actually reads this or anything about an app before they download it and post ill informed reviews. GET AN IPHONE NEXT TIME PEOPLE.
Fast, stable, and very nice app
Nice to see Firefox finally released. I'll be making it my browser over choice if it works as advertised.
Firefox has always been great to me. I find it to be faster and more secure than anything that Microsoft has ever released. Its great to see an android version. I hope more features will be implemented to make it feel more like the desktop version.
It works a lot better than the normal internet. Nearly perfect!!!
Finally!!!
Awesome browser for all andriod phones
Best mobile browser around.
Love the new update its faster and looks great!
Best ever!
Better
Couple more updates of this type and Firefox will be an unbeatable browser on Android. As of now it is on par with Chrome, Dolphin and Stock browser.  Keep up the good work.
Well done dev! Smooth n super fast Indeed
Tried android internet, s sky, dolphin and all others. This one is the best.
Muito melhor agora. Parabéns Mozilla. Continuem aprimorando nosso Firefox.
Seems to work great. Also, better than the others I've tried.
Well, Firefox has finally won me completely over.  They have fixed my two issues with it, namely adding flash support and fixing the problem where it would add spaces after every letter that I typed.  I was a little generous with my previous 4 star rating, but now it is a solid 5 stars.  Keep up the good work guys.
I was waiting for this. Thanks a lot for Updating the browser, you made my day! :D
Love the sync feature.
What more can be said.
Start pg won't work properly. Keeps saving 2 of the same page, 1blank pg and 1 other. Won't save 4 different pages.
Pumped to see how faster it has gotten.
A die hard user of dolphin browser for primarily the ease of use and speed, but this just blows it out of the water. From the user interface to addons I'm greatly impressed.
Good
Ive had mozilla for a while now on my computer and when I heard it was available for mobile I jumped on the opportunity! The new update is amazing and better than any other mobile browser out there. And its FREE!
Its better than the default browser
This new version is lightning fast and a lot more intuitive. Great update, works awesome. I highly recommend!
The latest update is great, so fast and smooth now. This had become my new default browser.
Is the best web browser, hand down.
The latest update finally made it not only usable, but also better and faster than the stock or opera browsers. Great job, Mozilla!
Love it
For simple mobile browsing, it's pretty awesome. But I prefer having a User Agent setting as Desktop.
Couldn't get a single Page to load. Loads quickly in Chrome.
Awesomeee.....
Widely improved ...
Widely improved ...
Fast brosing
The new version is a great improvement :)
fast stuff
Fast stuff much improved
Fast
Works fine on Atrix,  really fast with this update
Love it
If there were ever an occasion to update a scathing review into praise, it's this one. Firefox is resurrected, and Chrome gets beat at its own game. Brilliant.
Consistent, cleaner than the built in browser. Don't need a task killer for Firefox.
Runs fast runs smooth
I like it.
A lot of speeds improvement
Just what I've been waiting for. Can't go wrong.
Oops back to a rating of one.  Adblock is missing.  Still pretty slow.    It doesn't install to tablets or maybe to Android 3 or higher.  Still doesn't support the uastring.  Flash video playback is awfully slow.
I've been using mozilla for a ling time and it keeps improving.
Very good for the internet
It is fast!
It is fast!
Keeps getting better and better.
Great mobile browser.  Excellent web protection with add ons. I am awaiting the Android version of Chrome.
I simply love new update. Its much faster and looks are better. I'm switching to this after using Opera mini for a long time. Keep up the good work Mozilla!
Definitely way faster than the stock browser, with better features.
The new version is just awesome, fast and reliable! And it's even eye catchy haha  worth trying if you haven't yet!
Excellent improvement from the older version.
I previously kept hopping between Opera and Firefox due to the difference in quality. Opera had the better mobile browser but I wasn't keen on the desktop browser. Firefox was the other way round. Now in version 14.0, the competition goes to Firefox outright. The performance is outstanding - it loads quickly and the framerate is better than the stock browser and Opera Mobile. The user interface is intuitive and a pleasure to use. My only real issue is lack of text selection which even so I don't need often.
I have always chosen firefox over others and seeing this mobile browser reminds me why. Impressive and looks like it will get better with new updates.
Way better than the stock browser for older Android devices that may never be blessed with Chrome compatibility.
This is my new favorite browser! Quick, nice tab implementation.
Been rocking Aurora nightlies for a few weeks now and pleased to say this is now my daily driver. UI and performance is great! Although I prefer the menu and tab button the other way round like in aurora.
Finally a FF mobile version I can use. If you have tried FF mobile before and not enjoyed the experience give this new version a ride. You won't be disappointed.
My default browser on android now, love that Mozilla is putting a lot of focus on firefox for android!
I was satisfied with how firefox worked and looked before but this recent update was a major overhaul. Very impressed and glad they listened to the feedback. Thanks mozilla and fellow users.
such a good update
Version 14 is a big jump! Excellent work firefox team!
New update is super fast and smooth
No arabic support. No flash. Slow in starting. Nice taps. HTC Desire.
Great job.. But hope to make it more faster ^.^
compared to any pervious version this is an amazing improvement
Wow! Well worth the wait. So much faster than the stock browser and sync gives me all my bookmarks and history.
Great app. But needs work with the bookmarking menu
Such an improvement! Way to go Mozilla!
Great app, i use firefox on my PC and WOW lovin it on my android too WOOP.  @Chris - June 26, 2012 - LG Cayman, thats a issue with Verizon so you cant blame Firefox for that.
I was able to contribute some a couple lines of code to this new version of Firefox for Android and I am super impressed with the whole teams work on the browser. Amazing job! :)
Syncing with Firefox for desktop is great! Can't wait for tablet support in 15.0. (I run the Nightly version for now).
Seriously? What is with the revoking support for one of the most popular tablets I the latest version. It seems I'll have to find something else to browse the net with. Not very impressed with this move.
The latest version is amazingly fast. The interface is very nice too.
I just updated Firefox and this is so fast I can't keep up with it and I'm loving it. I just dumped my chrome in favor of this well polished product.
Works very well, UI needs a few tweaks for HTC One V, and sites do take a little while to load, but all in all it's by far the fastest browser I tried out. I'm impressed.
Runs so smooth great job
Holy */*$ its fast. Great work mozilla,wanted to replace the android browser,might make a move to this.
Works much better than chrome, dolphin or stock  browser.  So far....
Wow, this is so much better than before! Really fast :)
Does what it supposed to.
Loved it!
Firefox is the win.
Just an awesome update. I wasn't a fan of the first few versions of Firefox released for Android, but this one is a massive step forward. Slick and quick!
The new update is absolutely amazing. Haven't tested all media features yet but UI and performance updates are top notch.  Keep up the good work Mozilla. Thanks for the master password. I also recommend an auto history clear on exit. Firefox is once again my daily browser for desktop and mobile.
I love it
Its fast... REALLY fast. Faster start-up than Chrome (on ICS) and very friendly design. Renders pages quickly and beautifully.  Multi-touch gestures are as quick as they are intuitive. With Firefox sync, add-ons, dedicated downloads page, "Do not track" feature, and Flash support, Firefox for Android has proven to be a great alternative for a mobile browser.  With its wide availability (unlike Chrome's for the time being) it looks to be aiming to conquer the mobile browser market... and this application has the features and potential to do just that.
Excellent
Firefox Rocks.. Surfing Superfast on my HTC One V with Flash Support.
Thank God that you are Flash enabled now !! The best upgrade ever..
Soo much faster. A definite improvement. Looks great as well :D @Rage06
Went from being one of the worst mobile browsers to one of the best.
I can't say that it has caught up to Chrome or the stock browser in terms of being a smooth experience, but it has certainly made great strides towards being a real mobile browser.
Cool
Used Dolphin HD to view desktop version of sites.  It would "stutter" as I begun to scroll through text.  Chrome Beta, the stock browser, and Firefox do not stutter at all.  I believe Firefox will become my browser of choice after Chrome.
Thank u for the best web browser,better than my stock.
If the last time, I said "What a great app but also worst apps..." and I give 2 stars, but this time, I will give 5 stars, and now it is a great app, with great major updates and improvements in firefox 14.0, keep up good work, Mozilla...!
Now Firefox is my default browser
Native UI was a long walt but its worth it!
Glad to see firefox on my phone is as great as on my pc,great work
Awesome.. !!
I just uninstalled Dolphin on my Evo 4G. I've tried FF a few times only to be left with disappointment. Not this time, I decided to try it again after reading about it on Wired/Webmonkey and it is FAST! and *apple* smooth. Thank you!!
Firefox doesn't support tablet anymore！
All my history is synced
Been excited for months for this- glad to see it out!
Love Firefox !! .
A great update to Firefox for the Android platform. Browsing and loading is speedy on my EVO. The Full Screen is a must; glad it's available!
Now its my default browser for phone and destkop.
Never crashed always runs well and fast.
There is no Copy&Paste function after update!!
Start up time is way faster on the new version. Flash support? Yes. I've tried Dolphin, Opera, and stock Android (yuck) browsers but will be sticking with Firefox. I'm on HTC Incredible 2.something.
Now firefox for android more like a browser than ever! The flash support and user interface are perfect :)
Fast and clean, as it should be. Few addons right now but with Firefox it's definitely going to increase. Watchout dolphin!
Had firefox for Android since the early mobile beta release and been waiting for the speed issues to be sorted for ages ... not disapointed with this release, works seamlessly  with my Galaxy S3 - good effort!
Con esta ultima actualizacion, Firefox se acaba de posicionar en mi Galaxy Note, como el navegador predeterminado!! Los felicito y muchas gracias... Excelente actualizacion!
Work great!!!  this update take me to look back to fitefix on desktop
Very close to my laptop version.  Like it better than the one that came loaded on my phone.  Would recommended Firefox.
Very close to my laptop version.  Like it better than the one that came loaded on my phone.  Would recommended Firefox.
Extremely Impressed....
I really like Firefox but chose to use dolphin. Seems a Tad better.
Why I can't zoom in on *every* page, including the default starting one??? Why???? Once more - WHY???? Android has no screen magnifier, so it's up to apps to provide larger font sizes for people with low vision. And if the page gets zoomed, sometimes the text doesn't get re-formatted for screen width. Awaiting your answer, Mozilla, now it's possible to answer reviews. And BTW, your last version isn't compatible with my Acer Iconia A500. SO STAR DOWN, and THUMBS DOWN AS WELL
This is so fast oh my. I love Firefox for Android now. This is my new go to Web browser for my Galaxy S2
Huge and much needed upgrade, syncing is superb between all firefox browsers.
This version really great, i give you 2 more *, keep going :)
Im loving the new version....works amazingly well.
The Firefox for Android update is so much better than the old version. Fast startup time, easy to use, and much better than Chrome!
Awesome!
I'm a longtime user of the desktop Firefox, but the previous Android version just hadn't been cutting it for me. So, I'm glad to report that the new update is a massive improvement...WAY faster than before and it supports Flash too. Great to see a fully viable mobile Firefox now, and I'm looking forward to seeing where they go from here.
A huge improvement on what was a very slow browser. Love the new look!
Well done google play. I use firefox at home and they now have a app.  COOL
As always.
The latest update makes huge differences!
Feels lyk i am using my laptop
Excellent
5 star
Im not sure how mozilla could call this a good thing.  I can only speak of my phone, nexus one, and the performance is sad.   Pages are taking forever and often dont complete, scrolling results in this odd image blur, java scripts on engadget hangs and blogs this browser down in the mud where ig belongs.   Opera is and always will be the fastest browser!
Finally Firefox has delivered a worthwhile browser!  Only one thing missing for me and that is the need for auto suggestions but otherwise a really tough decision for me between this, chrome and stock.
This is truly impressive. Super fast. I feel like I've heard that claim plenty of times before, but here, this time, it's really true. Good job, Mozilla!
Sync is a killer feature for me as a desktop firefox user. Overall, an improvement over the bundled browser.
Sync is a killer feature for me as a desktop firefox user. Overall, an improvement over the bundled browser.
Now on android 4.0.4 you must exit full screen to use menu button. A little annoying.
Stellar.
Good
yeah!
Would be 5 stars if it supported flash. Support for flash was one of the reasons I opted for Android.
Good
Fire fox just keeps getting better and better. With browser sync the Mozilla team has provided a best of breed experience. Keep up the great work.
Great internet browser
This major update makes Firefox the fastest, most capable, and most pleasant to use browser on Android (move over Chrome Beta for Android). Its all I use on my Samsung Galaxy Note international with ICS.
GREAT!!
Very fast.
glad to see my favorite browser on Android
This is MILES better than the default browser! The only thing that had kept me from getting it was the fact that utter didn't support flash, but now that it does its brilliant. I am very happy with it. Hope to see Adblock plus support soon!
Amazing!  Way faster than before and a tremendous improvement over stock browser.  Would be nice if it worked on tablets though. What's up with THAT?
Only thing I can say the app downloaded fast. As soon as I opened it. I get a Firefox crashed message. Back to the boatbrowser
Only thing I can say the app downloaded fast. As soon as I opened it. I get a Firefox crashed message. Back to the boatbrowser
The update is faster than the previous version...like the new tab look...my bookmarks synced...definitely my favorite browser.
I like the new direction of this browser. It still causes Go Launcher to restart anytime I hit the home key but this is running on a samsung vibrant 2.2. I know I need to upgrade.
This new update has made Firefox super fast. I'm looking forward to the new features coming in future updates as well!
:)
:)
This is the fastest browser I have used on my phone at least when it comes to UI smoothness and response. It also loads web pages quickly but I haven't noticed a huge difference between it and  the stock browser.
I've been using the beta version for weeks now. Great job by Mozilla.   The only sad part is that not many websites support it with mobile-friendly versions, with most displaying the desktop versions or, in the case of Google, the hideous dumbphone versions of their websites.
Great browser!
This update has left me speechless. It works just as fast as any browser on my gaming rig. Instant start, and quickest loading/rendering between chrome, ICS browser and firebox (commonly the top 3 Android browsers).
Much faster and sleeker, this what I've been waiting fron firefox...Aurora is purely awesome
Much faster and sleeker, this what I've been waiting fron firefox...Aurora is purely awesome
Firefox is truly the best browser on any platform, it doesn't bundle itself in everything like chrome without anyone knowing, and it does not self proclaim itself like IE or Safari it just comes out solid everytime.
Runs great from SD card
Its been over 7 years that I've been using Firefox on my desktop; it's about time that I start using it on my Android device as well. Welldone!
New version is just great!
M downloading it. N already given it 5 star. Cause i love fire foxxxxx Prem se bolo jai mata di.
this day finally has come
Fresh looks
Bloated, slow and buggy. Don't use if you want to use Swype as you can't type properly, spaces are added, the cursor is random and its all very frustrating. Use chrome or dolphin.
I've been using beta version of a while and it was awesome. Now FF 14. Great job done by Mozilla. One issue though, mobile version of the websites didn't work. It solved by adding PHONY add on.  Now keep up the good work. HTC ONE X.
amazing update
I must say Firefox has finally done it..fast speed, easy layout and load of features. Complete browser. I hope they do it same for the tablets experience.
this new version has no arabic support !
The best web browser browser for Android.
I loved the browser because of the cross platform syncing but ics came around and made it slow and sluggy. If an update will arrive with improvements it would be wonderful.  Updated version is so much better. Nice
Very good
Love it great app. Have same on computer too. Would give 10 stars if I could. Easy to use.
Mozilla has made huge improvements to this browser. If you haven't used it since the redesign, you owe it to yourself to check it out.
Yay
This update is apps version so fast browsing
I've found it so much more intuitive then my other options on android
Fast fast fast. This new version is fast and the UI is well thought out and just works. I love it, now my main browser on android.
With flash and sync. Thx Mozilla.
Awesome
Finally you've got it right! Excellent new ui, fast and finally with flash. Thank you
Keep up the good work!
But..then I read it wasn't available for tablet..  So..on the galaxy s2 running great..love it best update ever
This is the kind of standard I expect from Mozilla.
This update is awesome maan!
Amazing update!!! The best browser for Android at the moment. Starts instantly! Very fast. Supports Flash (suck it Chrome). Easy to use. Made it my browser, deleted all other. Keep up good work, Mozilla!!!
The new firefox is super fast, feature rich, beautiful and just awesome. I have finally found a browser that I will consistently use.
This makes web browsing a tolerable experience on my 1st generation Galaxy S. Awesome job, Firefox team.
Very minor improvement in my opinion. Still uses the rubbish version of Google.
On my Galaxy Player 4.2 Firefox couldn't even scroll down a page without lag. Now with the Faster Safer and Smarter Firefox nothing ever lags everything is exactly what you stated it to be, even with a device which is not supported by Firefox. Thank You once again! :-)
The latest update is awesome - way faster than stock, better UI, and text rendering is really crisp - definitely going to make it my default browser!
I've been testing the nightly and aurora channel for the native version, and I must say it's great to see it graduate to the Play Store. Great speed and great interface! I also love the tab syncing feature.
Hey mom, I am rating on the internet :)
Since the 14.0 Firefox has improved so much.. I was struggling b/w Chrome Beta and Firefox Beta.. and I guess Firefox will be my primary choice specially due to startup time improvement. I use Firefox on desktop, so this make perfect combination :)
Have been using Firefox for years and just recently switched from iOS to Android, and amazed by the fact that I can continue using Firefox as my primary browser. Love it!!!! Poor iOS users don't know what they're missing.
Super fast, very smooth, lightweight. Still needs loading bar on/off full screen, text reflow and all thats missing on the release notes. lg o2x CM7
Best update ever. So much better!! 10 stars!!!
This is the only android browser I found with adblocker. (available in firefox adons). Excellent benchmark scores aswell.
Soooo fast. Nice work!
Unbelievable I think I finally found the browser I like now. Running on galaxy note this browser eats every other one for breakfast. Great job.
I felt this update made the FF much much better and it feels even better than chrome in terms of how smooth the transition, zoom, and changing tabs.
Super fast
Faster than the stock browser, sync is awesome, and flash works incredibly well. Just try going to the NYT website and playing a video on the front page. Works flawlessly on a Samsung Galaxy S Fascinate.
The best mobile browser by far
No other mobile browser has all of them.
A lot of hard work went into this app and it shows.  Faster than native on my my touch 4g
I'm really loving sync between my desktop and phone.  The new UI is responsive and *so* much of an improvement from the old version!
it is definitely faster than stock android and chrome browser.. I am loving it.
The new version is much faster than before.
You just have to love it!
At last with Flash plugin!!!
At last with Flash plugin!!!
Wow! Lightning fast browsing to rival my PC... No more Chrome beat for me!
Make look nice
So much quicker than anything else out there, even Google's stuff. Awesome. Get it.
Super fast!
Finally, the browser I can trust is fast enough and has flash. Never switching to anything else.
Greatest
Earlier versions left a lot desired. This is now my main browser.
Amazing update! I am very impressed with the page load times and new layout. Good work, Mozilla. ;)
Not much to say except that its freaking awesome!
Congratulations on the new release, it's a huge step forward!
This is amazing. Its fast, responsive and way better then Dolphin HD.
This is amazing. Its fast, responsive and way better then Dolphin HD.
Much smoother and performant
Love the buttery scrolling and sync bookmarks
With this update for me Firefox 14 is the best ics browser!
The newest version is awesome! It starts up and loads pages much faster now. The new look also works out great! Looking forward to more awesomeness from Mozilla. You guys rock!
Yeah that's right. Using Firefox... On a boat...
We're really proud of this one.
Good
Best Firefox ever!
Best browser I have seen for android.  Quick user tips: drag right to expose tabs and a button for bookmarks, drag left to expose additional menu items: simples!  Sync with your desktop Firefox.
I couldn't bookmark a page. I saw the tabs, but no bookmark star.
The beta is turning final tomorrow, and it will really be a game changer.
So fast and Firefox Sync is awesome!
Fantastic browser for my tab! RitzyW.
Not bad
